Serotonin HCl is a monoamine neurotransmitter and Endogenous 5-HT receptor agonist.
A coronary vasodilator agent.
Mometasone furoate is a glucocorticosteroid used topically to reduce inflammation of the skin or in the airways. Mometasone furoate is used in the treatment of inflammatory skin disorders (such as eczema and psoriasis), allergic rhinitis (s
Antihistamine drug now withdrawn from the market in many countries because of rare but potentially fatal side effects.
Sorafenib (rINN), marketed as Nexavar by Bayer, is a drug approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (primary kidney cancer). It has also received ""Fast Track"" designation by the FDA for the treatment of advanced hepatoce
Luteolin is a flavone, a type of flavonoid. Like all flavonoids, it has a yellow crystalline appearance.
Sitagliptin is a new oral hypoglycemic (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. This enzyme-inhibiting drug is to be used either alone or in combination with metformin or a thiazolidinedione f
It is an antifibrinolytic.
Sorafenib (rINN), marketed as Nexavar by Bayer, is a drug approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (primary kidney cancer). It has also received ?Fast Track? designation by the FDA for the treatment of advanced hepatocell
An analogue of gamma-aminobutyric acid, vigabatrin is an irreversible inhibitor of 4-aminobutyrate transaminase, the enzyme responsible for the catabolism of gamma-aminobutyric acid. (From Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed). Off-l
A beta-adrenergic antagonist used as an anti-arrhythmia agent, an anti-angina agent, an antihypertensive agent, and an antiglaucoma agent.
Perindoprilat is an Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitor. The mechanism of action of perindoprilat is as an Angiotensin-converting Enzyme Inhibitor.
Chlorprothixene is a typical antipsychotic drug of the thioxanthene class and was the first of the series to be synthesized.
One of the PENICILLINS which is resistant to PENICILLINASE but susceptible to a penicillin-binding protein. It is inactivated by gastric acid so administered by injection.
Terfenadine is a histamine H1-receptor antagonist, which blocks HERG and KATP (KIR6) channels.
Dutasteride belongs to a class of drugs called 5-alpha-reductase inhibitors, which block the action of the 5-alpha-reductase enzymes that convert testosterone into dihydrotestosterone (DHT). Finasteride also belongs to this group, but while
An ethanolamine derivative that is an adrenergic alpha-1 agonist. It is used as a vasoconstrictor agent in the treatment of HYPOTENSION.
Lapatinib is an anti-cancer drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a treatment for solid tumours such as breast and lung cancer. It was approved by the FDA on March 13, 2007, for use in patients with advanced metastatic breast cancer in
Purine analog that inhibits DNA synthesis. Exhibits antiproliferative activity and triggers apoptosis through increasing Bax and decreasing Bid, XIAP and survivin expression.
An adrenergic alpha-2 agonist used as a sedative, analgesic and centrally acting muscle relaxant in VETERINARY MEDICINE.
Decitabine is indicated for treatment of patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). It is a chemical analogue of cytidine, a nucleoside present in DNA and RNA. Cells in the presence of Decitabine incorporate it into DNA during replicatio
Fluvastatin sodium is an inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. Fluvastatin is a drug used to treat patients with hypercholesterolaemia. It lowers serum total cholesterol (TC) and low density lipoprotein cho
Chitosan is a linear polysaccharide composed of randomly distributed ?-(1-4)-linked D-glucosamine (deacetylated unit) and N-acetyl-D-glucosamine
Thonzonium bromide is a monocationic detergent.
Dydrogesterone(Duphaston) is a potent, orally active progestogen indicated in a wide variety of gynaecological conditions related to progesterone deficiency.
Cyclizine 2HCl is a histamine H1 antagonist given by mouth or parenterally for the control of postoperative and drug-induced vomiting and in motion sickness.
Detail unknown
A phosphinic acid-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor that is effective in the treatment of hypertension. It is a prodrug that is converted to its active metabolite fosinoprilat.
Choleretic used to allay dry mouth and constipation due to tranquilizers.
A broad-spectrum antibiotic that is being used as prophylaxis against disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex infection in HIV-positive patients.
Iopromide is a molecule used as a contrast medium. It is marketed under the name Ultravist which is produced by Bayer Healthcare. It is a low osmolar, non-ionic contrast agent for intravascular use.
Eplerenone, an aldosterone receptor antagonist similar to spironolactone, has been shown to produce sustained increases in plasma renin and serum aldosterone, consistent with inhibition of the negative regulatory feedback of aldosterone on
Esmolol decreases the force and rate of heart contractions by blocking beta-adrenergic receptors of the sympathetic nervous system, which are found in the heart and other organs of the body. Esmolol prevents the action of two naturally occu
Silodosin is an ?1-adrenoceptor antagonist with high uroselectivity.
A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocking agent in hypertension.
An antibiotic isolated from the fermentation broth of Fusidium coccineum. (From Merck Index, 11th ed). It acts by inhibiting translocation during protein synthesis.
Demeclocycline is a tetracycline antibiotic derived from a strain of Streptomyces aureofaciens.
Urapidil HCl is an ?1-adrenoceptor antagonist and 5-HT1A receptor agonist.
Alfuzosin(Uroxatral) is an alpha1 receptor antagonist used to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). It works by relaxing the muscles in the prostate and bladder neck, making it easier to urinate.
Antazoline HCl is a first generation antihistamine, binding to the histamine H1 receptor and blocking the action of endogenous histamine.
A cardioselective beta-1 adrenergic antagonist that has intrinsic symopathomimetic activity. It is used in the management of ANGINA PECTORIS and HYPERTENSION.
A nonselective alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is used in the treatment of hypertension and hypertensive emergencies, pheochromocytoma, vasospasm of RAYNAUD DISEASE and frostbite, clonidine withdrawal syndrome, impotence, and peripheral vas
Tiapride is a drug that selectively blocks D2 and D3 dopamine receptors in the brain. It is used to treat a variety of neurological and psychiatric disorders including dyskinesia, alcohol withdrawal syndrome, negative symptoms of psychosis,
Gatifloxacin is an antibiotic of the fourth-generation fluoroquinolone family, that like other members of that family, inhibits the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. Bristol-Myers Squibb introduced Gatifloxacin in 1999 unde
A bisphosphonate antiresorptive agent and a bone resorption inhibitor.
Ondansetron is a serotonin 5-HT receptor antagonist used mainly as anantiemetic (to treat nausea and vomiting), often following chemotherapy.
Fudosteine is a novel mucoactive agent and a MUC5AC mucin hypersecretion inhibitor.
Citalopram hydrobromide belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Citalopram and its N-demethylated metabolites exist as a racemic mixture but its effects are largely due to the S-
Liranaftate is a squalene epoxidase inhibitor with anti-fungicidal activities.
Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
Lonidamine is an orally administered small molecule hexokinase inactivator.
Netilmicin Sulfate is a member of the aminoglycoside family of antibiotics.
Moroxydine HCl is a synthetic antiviral drug chemically belonging to the series of the heterocyclic biguanidines. Structurally moroxydine is a heterocyclic biguanidine. It possesses antiviral activity and is of value in the prevention and t
An inhibitor of DOPA DECARBOXYLASE that does not enter the central nervous system. It is often given with LEVODOPA in the treatment of parkinsonism to prevent the conversion of levodopa to dopamine in the periphery, thereby increasing the a
Megestrol acetate is a progestogen with actions and uses similar to those of the progestogens in general. It also has anti-androgenic properties. It is given by mouth in the palliative treatment or as an adjunct to other therapy in endometr
Cisapride is a gastroprokinetic agent, a drug that increases motility in the upper gastrointestinal tract. It acts directly as a serotonin 5-HT4 receptor agonist and indirectly as a parasympathomimetic. Stimulation of the serotonin receptor
Vandetanib is an orally bioavailable 4-anilinoquinazoline. Vandetanib selectively inhibits the tyrosine kinase activity of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), thereby blocking VEGF-stimulated endothelial cell proliferati
Daunorubicin is an anthracycline antibiotic. It is also used as an effective chemotherapeutic agent against tumors especially acute myeloid leukaemia and acute lymphocytic leukaemia. Daunorubicin can affect the metabolism and synthesis of D
An anti-infective agent that is used topically to treat skin infections and orally for urinary tract infections
Corticosterone is a 21-carbon steroid hormone of the corticosteroid type produced in the cortex of the adrenal glands in rodents and other non-human animals.
Lafutidine, a newly developed histamine H(2)-receptor antagonist, inhibits gastric acid secretion.
A semisynthetic cephamycin antibiotic resistant to beta-lactamase.
Ambrisentan is an Endothelin Receptor Antagonist. The mechanism of action of ambrisentan is as an Endothelin Receptor Antagonist.
Teriflunomide is the active metabolite of leflunomide, and it acts as an immunomodulatory agent by inhibiting pyrimidine synthesis. It is marketed under the name Aubagio? and is indicated for the treatment of multiple sclerosis, specificall
Used as pharmaceutical intermediates
One of the PENICILLINS which is resistant to PENICILLINASE.
Pyrantel pamoate is a deworming agent in the treatment of hookworms (all species) and roundworms in domesticated animal; acts as a depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent.
Liothyronine is a T3 thyroid hormone normally synthesized and secreted by the thyroid gland in much smaller quantities than thyroxine (T4). Most T3 is derived from peripheral monodeiodination of T4 at the 5' position of the outer ring of th
Epirubicin HCl, a semisynthetic L-arabino derivative of doxorubicin, is an antineoplastic agent by inhibiting Topoisomerase.
A cephalosporin antibiotic.
Clorprenaline HCl is a ?2-receptor agonist, it has a significant expansion of the bronchial effect.
Atazanavir (formerly known as BMS-232632) is an antiretroviral drug of the protease inhibitor (PI) class. Like other antiretrovirals, it is used to treat infection of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Atazanavir is distinguished from othe
An anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Both the acid and its sodium salt are used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic or musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and acute gout.
Dipivefrin is a prodrug of adrenaline, which is used to treat glaucoma. It is available as ophthalmic solution (eye drops).
Abacavir (ABC) is a powerful nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) used to treat HIV and AIDS.  Chemically, it is a synthetic carbocyclic nucleoside and is the enantiomer with 1S, 4R absolute configuration on the cyclopen
Cisatracurium Besylate is a nondepolarizing skeletal muscle relaxant for intravenous administration. Cisatracurium Besylate acts on cholinergic receptors, blocking neuromuscular transmission. This action is antagonized by acetylcholinestera
An antibiotic substance derived from Penicillium stoloniferum, and related species. It blocks de novo biosynthesis of purine nucleotides by inhibition of the enzyme inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase. Mycophenolic acid is important because
An indole derivative effective in schizophrenia and other psychoses and possibly useful in the treatment of the aggressive type of undersocialized conduct disorder. Molindone has much lower affinity for D2 receptors than most antipsychotic
Procarbazine hydrochloride (Matulane) is a hydrochloride salt form of procarbazine which is a polyfunctional alkylating compound used as an antineoplastic agent. Procarbazine is a cytostatic agent, meaning it strands cells midway through ce
Skeletal muscle relaxant that acts by interfering with excitation-contraction coupling in the muscle fiber. It is used in spasticity and other neuromuscular abnormalities. Although the mechanism of action is probably not central, dantrolene
Nicorandil(Ikorel)is potassium channel activator. It acts by relaxing the smooth muscle of the blood vessels, especially those of the venous system. It does this through two methods. Firstly, by activating potassium channels, and secondly b
Tiopronin (trade name Thiola) is a prescription thiol drug used to control the rate of cystine precipitation and excretion in the disease cystinuria. Due to the rarity of the disorder, tioronin falls under the classification of an orphan dr
Moxonidine is a selective agonist at the imidazoline receptor subtype 1, used as antihypertensive agent.
A nucleoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus. It has some antineoplastic properties and has broad spectrum activity against DNA viruses in cell cultures and significant antiviral activity against infections caused by a va
Suxibuzone is a drug used for joint and muscular pain. It is a prodrug of the non steroidal anti inflammatory drug phenylbutazone, and is commonly used in horses.
Paclitaxel is a novel antineoplastic agent, which was discovered in a screen of extracts of thousands of plants and natural products for antineoplastic activity by a National Cancer Institute program. Alought it functions as a mitotic inhib
Cepharanthine is a biscoclaurine alkaloid inhibiting tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-?-mediated NF?B stimulation, plasma membrane lipid peroxidation and platelet aggregation and suppressing cytokine production.
Derivative of noroxymorphone that is the N-cyclopropylmethyl congener of NALOXONE. It is a narcotic antagonist that is effective orally, longer lasting and more potent than naloxone, and has been proposed for the treatment of heroin addicti
Vardenafil (Levitra) is an oral therapy for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. It is a selective inhibitor of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5). Penile erection is a hemodynamic process initi
Paliperidone(Invega) is an atypical antipsychotic. Chemically, paliperidone is the primary active metabolite of the older atypical antipsychotic risperidone. It is indicated for the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia.
A synthetic steroid that has anabolic and androgenic properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1194)
A broad-spectrum antimicrobial fluoroquinolone. The drug strongly inhibits the DNA-supercoiling activity of DNA GYRASE.
In summary, Etoricoxib represents a novel agent that selectively inhibits COX-2 with 106-fold selectivity in human whole blood assays in vitro and with the lowest potency of inhibition of COX-1 compared with other reported selective agents.
Vismodegib(GDC-0449) is a more potent novel and specific synthetic oral hedgehog pathway inhibitor with an IC50 of 3 nM; also inhibits P-gp with IC50 of 3.0 ?M.
A group of peptide antibiotics from BACILLUS brevis. Gramicidin C or S is a cyclic, ten-amino acid polypeptide and gramicidins A, B, D are linear. Gramicidin is one of the two principal components of TYROTHRICIN.
Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
Roflumilast is a phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE-4) inhibitor. Due to its selective inhibition of the PDE4 isoenzyme in lung cells, roflumilast is indicated for the management of chronic obstrtuctive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations. Treatme
A vasodilator used in the treatment of ANGINA PECTORIS. Its actions are similar to NITROGLYCERIN but with a slower onset of action.
Selamectin is a topical parasiticide and antihelminthic used on dogs and cats, distributed by Zoetis. Selamectin disables parasites by activating glutamate-gated chloride channels at muscle synapses.
Alprostadil is a Prostaglandin Analog and Prostaglandin E1 Agonist. The mechanism of action of alprostadil is as a Prostaglandin Receptor Agonist. The physiologic effect of alprostadil is by means of Genitourinary Arterial Vasodilation and
Vincristine is an inhibitor of polymerization of microtubules by binding to tubulin.
Cyclosporin A is an immunosuppressive agent, binds to the cyclophilin and then inhibits calcineurin with IC50 of 7 nM, widely used in organ transplantation to prevent rejection.
Solifenacin (rINN), marketed as solifenacin succinate under the trade name Vesicare, is a urinary antispasmodic of the anticholinergic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with urge incontinence.
Ruxolitinib (INCB018424) is the first potent, selective, JAK1/2 inhibitor to enter the clinic with IC50 of 3.3 nM/2.8 nM in cell-free assays, >130-fold selectivity for JAK1/2 versus JAK3.
The main glucocorticoid secreted by the adrenal cortex. Its synthetic counterpart is used, either as an injection or topically, in the treatment of inflammation, allergy, collagen diseases, asthma, adrenocortical deficiency, shock, and some
Tranylcypromine is a drug of the substituted phenethylamine and amphetamine classes which acts as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI)?it is a nonselective and irreversible inhibitor of the enzyme monoamine oxidase (MAO).
A potent benzodiazepine receptor antagonist. Since it reverses the sedative and other actions of benzodiazepines, it has been suggested as an antidote to benzodiazepine overdoses.
Toltrazuril is an antiprotozoal agent that acts upon Coccidia parasites.
A major alkaloid from Colchicum autumnale L. and found also in other Colchicum species. Its primary therapeutic use is in the treatment of gout, but it has been used also in the therapy of familial Mediterranean fever (PERIODIC DISEASE).
Vinblastine inhibits microtubule formation and suppresses nAChR activity in a cell-free assay, used to treat certain kinds of cancer.
Fingolimod (FTY720) HCl is a S1P antagonist with IC50 of 0.033 nM in K562, and NK cells.
Ruxolitinib(INCB018424) is the first potent, selective, JAK1/2 inhibitor to enter the clinic with IC50 of 3.3 nM/2.8 nM, >130-fold selectivity for JAK1/2 versus JAK3.
Glycopeptide antibiotic complex from Actinoplanes teichomyceticus active against gram-positive bacteria. It consists of five major components each with a different fatty acid moiety.
Tiratricol (also known as TRIAC or triiodothyroacetic acid) is a thyroid hormone analogue.
A positive inotropic cardiotonic (CARDIOTONIC AGENTS) with vasodilator properties, phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitory activity, and the ability to stimulate calcium ion influx into the cardiac cell.
Antihistamines such as azatadine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- rece
Moxidectin treats and controls some of the most common internal and external parasites by selectively binding to a parasite's glutamate-gated chloride ion channels. These channels are vital to the function of invertebrate nerve and muscle c
Flumethasone is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, this complex binds to the nucleus causing a variety of genetic activation and repressions.
Bestatin is a competitive protease inhibitor. It is an inhibitor of aminopeptidase B, leukotriene A4 hydrolase, aminopeptidase N. It is being studied for use in the treatment of acute myelocytic leukemia.
A tetracyclic compound with antidepressant effects. It may cause drowsiness and hematological problems. Its mechanism of therapeutic action is not well understood, although it apparently blocks alpha-adrenergic, histamine H1, and some types
Etoposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin, which inhibits DNA synthesis via topoisomerase II inhibition activity.
Ruxolitinib phosphate(INCB018424 phosphate) is the first potent, selective, JAK1/2 inhibitor to enter the clinic with IC50 of 3.3 nM/2.8 nM, >130-fold selectivity for JAK1/2 versus JAK3.
Dienestrol is a synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. It is an estrogen receptor agonist. Estrogens work partly by increasing a normal clear discharge from the vagina and making the vulva and urethra healthy.
Altretamine is an Alkylating Drug. The mechanism of action of altretamine is as an Alkylating Activity.
Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In no
The 3-cyclopentyl ether of ETHINYL ESTRADIOL. After gastrointestinal absorption, it is stored in ADIPOSE TISSUE, slowly released, and metabolized principally to the parent compound.
Domperidone(Motilium) is a dopamine blocker and an antidopaminergic reagent. It blocks the action of. It has strong affinities for the D2 and D3 dopamine receptors, which are found in the chemoreceptor trigger zone, located just outside the
A benzazepine derived from norbelladine. It is found in GALANTHUS and other AMARYLLIDACEAE. It is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been used to reverse the muscular effects of GALLAMINE TRIETHIODIDE and TUBOCURARINE and has been studied
Ipratropium Bromide is a muscarinic antagonist, bronchodilator, N-Isopropyl salt of atropine.
Voriconazole is an Azole Antifungal. Voriconazole is a new triazole derivative similar to fluconazole and itraconazole that acts by inhibiting fungal cytochrome P-450-dependent, 14-alpha-sterol demethylase-mediated synthesis of ergosterol.
An antiviral agent used as its hydrochloride. It is the first recognized synthetic, low-molecular-weight compound that is an orally active interferon inducer, and is also reported to have antineoplastic and anti-inflammatory actions.
Ractopamine is a feed additive to promote leanness in animals raised for their meat. Pharmacologically, it is a beta-adrenergic agonist. It is the active ingredient in products known as Paylean for swine and Optaflexx for cattle, developed
Phenothrin, also called sumithrin, is a synthetic pyrethroid that kills adult fleas and ticks. It has also been used to kill head lice in humans. D-Phenothrin is used as a component of aerosol insecticides for domestic use. Phenothrin is of
A synthetic progestin that is derived from 17-hydroxyprogesterone. It is a long-acting contraceptive that is effective both orally or by intramuscular injection and has also been used to treat breast and endometrial neoplasms.
Levonorgestrel is a synthetic progestogen used as an active ingredient in some hormonal contraceptives.
Oxiconazole nitrate (U.S.: Oxistat, Canada: Oxizole) is an antifungal medication typically administered in a cream or lotion to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch and ringworm.
A hydroxynaphthoquinone that has antimicrobial activity and is being used in antimalarial protocols.
A selective, competitive inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase, that is also antilipemic.
Tegaserod is a 5-HT4 agonist manufactured by Novartis and used for the management of irritable bowel syndrome and constipation. Its use was the only drug approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration to help relieve the abdomin
Flunisolide (marketed as AeroBid, Nasalide, Nasarel) is a corticosteroid often prescribed as treatment for allergic rhinitis. The principle mechanism of action of flunisolide is to activate glucocorticoid receptors. It also has anti-inflamm
Lanatoside C is a cardiac glycoside, a type of drug that can be used in the treatment of congestive heart failure and cardiac arrhythmia (irregular heartbeat). Lanatoside C can be used orally or by the intravenous route.
Acamprosate, also known by the brand name Campral?, is a drug used for treating alcohol dependence. Acamprosate is thought to stabilize the chemical balance in the brain that would otherwise be disrupted by alcoholism, possibly by blocking
Tenofovir Alafenamide (GS-7340) is a prodrug of tenofovir, which is a reverse transcriptase inhibitor, used to treat HIV and Hepatitis B.
A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used as a diuretic and in the treatment of glaucoma.
Nitarsone is an organoarsenic compound that is used in poultry production as a feed additive to increase weight gain, improve feed efficiency, and prevent blackhead disease.
An antiviral derivative of thymidine used mainly in the treatment of primary keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p557)
LCZ696, consisting of valsartan and sacubitril in 1:1 molar ratio, is an orally bioavailable, dual-acting angiotensin receptor-neprilysin inhibitor (ARNi) for hypertension and heart failure. Phase 3.
It is used as a vasoconstrictor in local anaesthetic injections for dental use, and is an ingredient of preparations that have been used for treatment of pain and inflammation of the mouth.
SolithroMycin is an antibiotic compound.
Dimesna is an uroprotective agent used to decrease urotoxicity.
Apatinib is an orally bioavailable, selective VEGFR2 inhibitor with IC50 of 1 nM.
Dihydroergotamine mesylate is an ergot alkaloid used to treat migraines.
Liothyronine Sodium is the most potent form of thyroid hormone acting on the body to increase the basal metabolic rate, affect protein synthesis.
Sanguinarine-containing mouthwashes are marketed as anti-plaque and anti-malodor.
A wide spectrum aliphatic organophosphate insecticide widely used for both domestic and commercial agricultural purposes.
Clopidol is an antiprotozoal agent.
Dacarbazine(DTIC-Dome) is an antineoplastic chemotherapy drug used in the treatment of various cancers, among them malignant melanoma, Hodgkin lymphoma, sarcoma, and islet cell carcinoma of the pancreas.
An ergot derivative that has been used as a cerebral vasodilator and in peripheral vascular disease. It has been suggested to ameliorate cognitive deficits in cerebrovascular disease.
Semisynthetic thienamycin that has a wide spectrum of antibacterial activity against gram-negative and gram-positive aerobic and anaerobic bacteria, including many multiresistant strains. It is stable to beta-lactamases. Clinical studies ha
A derivative of PREDNISOLONE with high glucocorticoid activity and low mineralocorticoid activity. Absorbed through the skin faster than FLUOCINONIDE, it is used topically in treatment of PSORIASIS but may cause marked adrenocortical suppre
Ronnel is a Filipino politician, entrepreneur, and businessman and a former councilor and currently serving as Mayor of General Santos.
A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone
Diagnostic aid in pancreas function determination.
Latanoprost is a prostaglandin F2a analogue used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
Cabazitaxel(XRP6258; RPR-116258A) is a semi-synthetic derivative of the natural taxoid 10-deacetylbaccatin III with potential antineoplastic activity.
Pharmaceutical industry for the production of antipyretic analgesics bute; dye industry used in the manufacture of benzidine dyes , etc.
Macitentan is an orally active, non-peptide, dual ETA/ETB (endothelin) receptor antagonist with IC50 of 0.5 nM/391 nM.
This colourless liquid is a chiral diol. It is produced industrially from diacetone alcohol by hydrogenation.
An antibiotic that is produced by Stretomyces achromogenes. It is used as an antineoplastic agent and to induce diabetes in experimental animals.
Canagliflozin(JNJ 28431754; TA 7284) is a highly potent and selective SGLT2 inhibitor for hSGLT2 with IC50 of 2.2 nM, exhibits 413-fold selectivity over hSGLT1.
Abiraterone Acetate is an orally active acetate salt of the steroidal compound abiraterone with antiandrogen activity. Abiraterone inhibits the enzymatic activity of steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (17alpha-hydrolase/C17,20 lyase complex), a
Arecoline is a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. Arecoline induces ADP ribosylation of histones and chromatid relaxation in spleen and bone marrow cells.
Belinostat is a novel hydroxamic acid-type histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. Belinostat targets HDAC enzymes, thereby inhibiting tumor cell proliferation, inducing apoptosis, promoting cellular differentiati
Acotiamide Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of acotiamide, a prokinetic agent with gastrointestinal (GI) motility-enhancing activity. Although the exact mechanism by which acotiamide exerts its effect has yet to be fully elucida
Suvorexant (MK-4305) is a potent dual OX receptor antagonist with Ki of 0.55 nM and 0.35 nM for OX1 receptor and OX2 receptor, respectively. Phase 3.
Eltrombopag is an orally active thrombopoietin receptor agonist with megakaryopoiesis stimulating activity. Eltrombopag binds to and stimulates the platelet thrombopoietin receptor (TPO-R or CD110), a member of the hematopoietin receptor su
A potent inhibitor of the high affinity uptake system for CHOLINE. It has less effect on the low affinity uptake system. Since choline is one of the components of ACETYLCHOLINE, treatment with hemicholinium can deplete acetylcholine from ch
An antianginal and class III antiarrhythmic drug. It increases the duration of ventricular and atrial muscle action by inhibiting POTASSIUM CHANNELS and VOLTAGE-GATED SODIUM CHANNELS. There is a resulting decrease in heart rate and in vascu
Raltegravir potassium salt(MK0518 potassium salt) is a potent integrase (IN) inhibitor, used to treat HIV infection.
Trelagliptin(SYR-472) is a long acting dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor that is being developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D).
Cabozantinib (XL184, BMS-907351) is a potent VEGFR2 inhibitor with IC50 of 0.035 nM and also inhibits c-Met, Ret, Kit, Flt-1/3/4, Tie2, and AXL with IC50 of 1.3 nM, 4 nM, 4.6 nM, 12 nM/11.3 nM/6 nM, 14.3 nM and 7 nM in cell-free assays, res
Isavuconazole(BAL-4815; RO-0094815) is the active component of the new azole antifungal agent BAL8557, exhibits MIC(50)s/MIC(90)s ranged from 0.002/0.004 mg/liter for C. albicans to 0.25/0.5 mg/liter for C. glabrata.
Omarigliptin(MK-3102) is a potent, selective and long-acting DPP-4 inhibitor with IC50 of 1.6 nM; highly selective over all proteases tested (IC50 > 67 _mu_M).
Icotinib Hcl(BPI-2009H) is a potent and specific epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) with an IC(50) of 5 nM, including it's mutants of EGFR(L858R), EGFR(L861Q), EGFR(T790M) and EGFR(T790M, L858R).
Torezolid (TR-701; tedizolid) is a novel oxazolidinone for gram-positive infections.
Ilaprazole is a substituted benzimidazole prodrug with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor activity. A weak base, ilaprazole accumulates in the acidic environment of the secretory canaliculus of the gastric parietal cell where
Otenabant Hcl (CP-945598) is a recently discovered selective, high affinity, competitive CB1 receptor antagonist with Ki of 0.7 nM.
Perampanel(E2007; ER 155055-90) is a selective noncompetitive AMPA-type glutamate receptor antagonist which has demonstrated anticonvulsant activity in experimental seizure models and antiepileptic activity in clinical trials.
Ivabradine hydrochloride, a new If inhibitor with IC 50 of 2.9 ?M, which is a pure heart rate lowering agent.
Afatinib (BIBW2992) irreversibly inhibits EGFR/HER2 including EGFR(wt), EGFR(L858R), EGFR(L858R/T790M) and HER2 with IC50 of 0.5 nM, 0.4 nM, 10 nM and 14 nM, respectively; 100-fold more active against Gefitinib-resistant L858R-T790M EGFR mu
Micafungin Sodium is an inhibitor of 1, 3-beta-D-glucan synthesis, used as an antifungal drug.
A histamine H1 receptor antagonist that is effective in the treatment of chronic urticaria, dermatitis, and histamine-mediated pruritus. Unlike its major metabolite CETIRIZINE, it does cause drowsiness. It is also effective as an antiemetic
Trans-Tranilast is an antiallergic drug, used to treat bronchial asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
Almotriptan Malate is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1B/1D (5-HT1B/1D) receptor agonist, used for the treatment of Migraine attacks in adults.
Ivacaftor (VX-770) is a potentiator of CFTR targeting G551D-CFTR and F508del-CFTR with EC50 of 100 nM and 25 nM in fisher rat thyroid cells, respectively.
Loxiglumide is CCK receptor antagonist. Cholecystokinin receptors or CCK receptors are a group of G-protein coupled receptors which bind the peptide hormones cholecystokinin (CCK) or gastrin.
Mizolastine is a histamine H1-receptor antagonist with IC50 of 47 nM used in the treatment of hay fever (seasonal allergic rhinitis), hives and other allergic reactions.
Dolasetron(MDL-73147) is a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist used to treat nausea and vomiting following chemotherapy.
Bimatoprost is a prostaglandin analog used topically (as eye drops) to control the progression of glaucoma and in the management of ocular hypertension.
Caspofungin Acetate is the acetate salt of an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. Caspofungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased
Brivanib alaninate (BMS-582664) is the prodrug of BMS-540215, an ATP-competitive inhibitor against VEGFR2 with IC50 of 25 nM.
Afatinib is an orally bioavailable anilino-quinazoline derivative and inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) epidermal growth factor receptor (ErbB; EGFR) family, with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, afatinib selectiv
VX-809 (Lumacaftor) acts to correct CFTR mutations common in cystic fibrosis by increasing mutant CFTR (F508del-CFTR) maturation,EC50 of 0.1 ?M in fisher rat thyroid cells. Phase 3.
Formoterol is a novel highly ?2-selective adrenergic agonist and holds promise as a ?2-agonist that could impart selective beneficial metabolic effects.
Myclobutanil is a triazole chemical used as a fungicide. It is a steroid demethylation inhibitor, specifically inhibiting ergosterol biosynthesis. Ergosterol is a critical component of fungal cell membranes.
Reboxetine is an antidepressant drug used in the treatment of clinical depression, panic disorder and ADD/ADHD. Its mesylate (i.e. methanesulfonate) salt is sold under tradenames including Edronax, Norebox, Prolift, Solvex, Davedax or Vestr
Veliparib (ABT-888) is a potent inhibitor of PARP1 and PARP2 with Ki of 5.2 nM and 2.9 nM in cell-free assays, respectively. It is inactive to SIRT2. Phase 3.
Ropinirole a selective dopamine D2 receptors agonist with Ki of 29 nM.
Cladribine is an adenosine deaminase inhibitor used to treat hairy cell leukemia and multiple sclerosis.
Ginsenosides are a class of steroid glycosides, and triterpene saponins, found exclusively in the plant genus Panax (ginseng). Ginsenosides have been the target of research, as they are viewed as the active compounds behind the claims of gi
Fosaprepitant dimeglumine(MK-0517) is a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist for the prevention of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting.
LDE225 (NVP-LDE225; Erismodegib) is a Smoothened (Smo) antagonist, inhibiting Hedgehog (Hh) signaling with IC50 of 1.3 nM (mouse) and 2.5 nM (human), respectively.
Droxidopa is a psychoactive drug and acts as a prodrug to the neurotransmitters norepinephrine (noradrenaline) and epinephrine (adrenaline).
Dexmedetomidine is a sedative medication used by intensive care units and anesthetists.
Pracinostat(SB939) is a potent pan-HDAC inhibitor with IC50 of 40-140 nM with exception for HDAC6; has no activity against the class III isoenzyme SIRT I.
Dolutegravir (GSK1349572) is a two-metal-binding HIV integrase inhibitor with IC50 of 2.7 nM in a cell-free assay, modest activity against raltegravir-resistant signature mutants Y143R, Q148K, N155H, and G140S/Q148H.
Apremilast (CC-10004) is a potent and orally active PDE4 and TNF-? inhibitor with IC50 of 74 nM and 77 nM, respectively.
Extracted from CLUSIACEAE fruit;Suitability:Ethanol,methanol,acetone and pyridine;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Vilanterol (GW642444; GW 642444X) is a novel, inhaled, long-acting ?(2) agonist with inherent 24-h activity under development as a once-daily combination therapy with an inhaled corticosteroid for COPD and asthma.
Fruquintinib (HMPL-013) is a small molecule vascular endothelial growth factor receptors inhibitor.
Regadenoson is an adenosine derivative and selective A2A adenosine receptor agonist with coronary vasodilating activity. Upon administration, regadenoson selectively binds to and activates the A2A adenosine receptor, which induces coronary
fluorescent pH indicator
Estrogens and progestins are female hormones. They are produced by the body and are necessary for the normal sexual development of the female and for the regulation of the menstrual cycle during the childbearing years. Gestodene is a proges
Oritavancin diphosphate is a novel semisynthetic glycopeptide antibiotic being developed for the treatment of serious Gram-positive bacterial infections.
Pimecrolimus, like all ascomycins, is an immunophilin ligand, which binds specifically to the cytosolic receptor, immunophilin macrophilin-12.
Tetrahydropalmatine (THP) is an alkaloid found in several different plant species, mainly in the Corydalis genus (Yan Hu Suo), but also in other plants such as Stephania rotunda.
Bergapten is a psoralen that can be photoactivated and is capable of crossing-linking DNA, covalently modifying proteins and lipids, and consequently inhibiting cell replication.
Carfilzomib is an epoxomicin derivate with potential antineoplastic activity. Carfilzomib irreversibly binds to and inhibits the chymotrypsin-like activity of the 20S catalytic core subunit of the proteasome, a protease complex responsible
Everolimus is a derivative of the natural macrocyclic lactone sirolimus with immunosuppressant and anti-angiogenic properties. In cells, everolimus binds to the immunophilin FK Binding Protein-12 (FKBP-12) to generate an immunosuppressive c
Felbamate (FBM) is a potent nonsedative anticonvulsant whose clinical effect may be related to the inhibition of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) . Felbamate (Felbatol) is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy. Felbamate is us
SGX-523 is a selective Met inhibitor with IC50 of 4 nM, no activity to BRAFV599E, c-Raf, Abl and p38?. Phase 1.
Dalbavancin is a semisynthetic lipoglycopeptide that was designed to improve upon the natural glycopeptides currently available, vancomycin and teicoplanin. It possesses in vitro activity against a variety of Gram-positive pathogens includi
Nimorazole is a nitroimidazole anti-infective.
Plant growth factor derived from the root of Scopolia carniolica or Scopolia japonica.
Chlorotrianisene is a powerful synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen.
Cabozantinib S-malate is the s-malate salt form of cabozantinib, an orally bioavailable, small molecule receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Cabozantinib strongly binds to and inhibits several RTK
Extracted?from?Nicotiana sanderae;Store?the?product?in?sealed,?cool?and?dry?condition
Droperidol is a Dopamine-2 Receptor Antagonist.
Indapamide is a non-thiazide sulphonamide diuretic compound, generally used in the treatment of hypertension, as well as decompensated cardiac failure.
MLN2238 inhibits the chymotrypsin-like proteolytic (?5) site of the 20S proteasome with IC50 and Ki of 3.4 nM and 0.93 nM in cell-free assays, respectively, also inhibits the caspase-like (?1) and trypsin-like (?2) proteolytic sites, with I
Extracted from Savia miltiorrhiza;Suitability:Water;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Radotinib, and sometimes referred to by its investigational name IY5511, is a drug for the treatment of different types of cancer, most notably Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML)[1] with resistance or into
Nintedanib (BIBF 1120) is a potent triple angiokinase inhibitor for VEGFR1/2/3, FGFR1/2/3 and PDGFR?/? with IC50 of 34 nM/13 nM/13 nM, 69 nM/37 nM/108 nM and 59 nM/65 nM in cell-free assays. Phase 3.
Aprepitant is a potent and selective neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist.
Efinaconazole(KP-103) is a novel triazole antifungal drug currently under development as a topical treatment for onychomycosis.
Plerixafor is a bicyclam with hematopoietic stem cell-mobilizing activity. Plerixafor blocks the binding of stromal cell-derived factor (SDF-1alpha) to the cellular receptor CXCR4, resulting in hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) release from bon
Rilpivirine is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI), and used to treat HIV-1 infection.
Regorafenib (BAY 73-4506) is a multi-target inhibitor for VEGFR1, VEGFR2, VEGFR3, PDGFR?, Kit, RET and Raf-1 with IC50 of 13 nM/4.2 nM/46 nM, 22 nM, 7 nM, 1.5 nM and 2.5 nM in cell-free assays, respectively.
Palbociclib (PD-0332991) is an orally available pyridopyrimidine-derived cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity.
Parecoxib is a potent and selective COX-2 inhibitor.
An antipsychotic phenothiazine derivative with actions and uses similar to those of CHLORPROMAZINE.
CAL-101 (Idelalisib, GS-1101) is a selective p110? inhibitor with IC50 of 2.5 nM; shown to have 40- to 300-fold greater selectivity for p110? than p110?/?/?, and 400- to 4000-fold more selectivity to p110? than C2?, hVPS34, DNA-PK and mTOR.
Ibrutinib is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, ibrutinib binds to and irreversibly inhibits BTK activity, thereby preventing
Afobazole (CM346) is an anxiolytic drug; produces anxiolytic and neuroprotective effects without any sedative or muscle relaxant actions.
MLN518 is a novel, oral, small molecule designed to inhibit type III receptor tyrosine kinases, including FLT3, (platelet-derived growth-factor receptor) PDGFR and c-KIT. Tyrosine kinases are enzymes involved in several cellular processes a
Levobupivacaine is an amino-amide local anaesthetic drug belonging to the family of n-alkylsubstituted pipecoloxylidide. It is the S-enantiomer of bupivacaine. Levobupivacaine hydrochloride is commonly marketed by AstraZeneca under the trad
PTC124 (Ataluren) selectively induces ribosomal read-through of premature but not normal termination codons, with EC50 of 0.1 ?M, may provide treatment for genetic disorders caused by nonsense mutations (e.g. CF caused by CFTR nonsense muta
A cardioselective beta-1 adrenergic blocker possessing properties and potency similar to PROPRANOLOL, but without a negative inotropic effect.
A broad spectrum antimycotic with some action against Gram positive bacteria. It is used topically in dermatomycoses also orally and parenterally.
Raltegravir (MK-0518) is a potent integrase (IN) inhibitor for WT and S217Q PFV IN with IC50 of 90 nM and 40 nM in cell-free assays, respectively.
Ponatinib is an orally bioavailable multitargeted receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. Ponatinib inhibits unmutated and all mutated forms of Bcr-Abl, including T315I, the high
A reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase type A; (RIMA); (see MONOAMINE OXIDASE INHIBITORS) that has antidepressive properties.
Alarelin acetate is a synthetic GnRH agonist. Alarelin is found in higher amounts than that of LH-RH in rat hypophyseal stimulation of gonadotropin secretion in vivo and in vitro and in ovulation inductions.
Lomitapide Mesylate is a potent microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) inhibitor, used in the treatment of familial hypercholesterolemia.
Nifekalant (INN) is a class III antiarrhythmic agent approved in Japan for the treatment of arrhythmias and ventricular tachycardia. It has the brand name Shinbit.
The product of conjugation of cholic acid with taurine. the sodium salt is the chief ingredient of the bile of carnivorous animals. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is used as a cholagogue
Bedaquiline(TMC207; R207910) is an anti-tuberculosis drug which selectively inhibit the mycobacterial energy metabolism i.e. ATP synthesis and found to be effective against all states of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Trametinib is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK MAPK/ERK kinase) with potential antineoplastic activity. Trametinib specifically binds to and inhibits MEK 1 and 2, resulting in an inhibition of
ouabain,A cardioactive glycoside consisting of rhamnose and ouabagenin, obtained from the seeds of Strophanthus gratus and other plants of the Apocynaceae; used like digitalis. It is commonly used in cell biological studies as an inhibitor
A major metabolite of PROCAINAMIDE. Its anti-arrhythmic action may cause cardiac toxicity in kidney failure.
A spiro butyrophenone analog similar to HALOPERIDOL and other related compounds. It has been recommended in the treatment of SCHIZOPHRENIA.
Triflupromazine (Vesprin) is an antipsychotic medication of the phenothiazine class. Among different effects of triflupromazine indication for use of this drug is severe emesis. Due to its potential side effects (triflupromazine has higher
Propoxur (Baygon) is a carbamate insecticide and was introduced in 1959. Propoxur is a non-systemic insecticide with a fast knockdown and long residual effect used against turf, forestry, and household pests and fleas. It is also used in pe
Capsaicin is an active component of chili peppers. It selectively binds to TRPV1 which is a heat-activated calcium channel. Capsaicin causes the channel to open below 37 ?C. This is why capsaicin is linked to the sensation of heat.
Clonidine Hydrochloride is a centrally acting alpha-agonist hypotensive agent.
Metrifonate (INN) or trichlorfon (USAN) is an irreversible organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It is a prodrug which is activated non-enzymatically into 2,2-dichlorovinyl dimethyl phosphate (DDVP).
Temsirolimus is an intravenous drug for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC), developed by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and approved by the FDA in late May 2007, and was also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) on November 2007
Medrysone is a corticosteroid used in ophthalmology.
An organothiophosphate cholinesterase inhibitor that is used as an insecticide and as an acaricide.
A cholinesterase inhibitor that is used as an organothiophosphorus insecticide.
An organoplatinum compound that possesses antineoplastic activity.
A semisynthetic cephamycin antibiotic with a broad spectrum of activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms. It has a high rate of efficacy in many types of infection and to date no severe side effects have been note
An anti-inflammatory, synthetic glucocorticoid. It is used topically as an anti-inflammatory agent and in aerosol form for the treatment of ASTHMA.
Benfotiamine, the lipid-soluble thiamine derivative used as a treatment for diabetic neuropathy, can inhibit three major pathways(the hexosamine pathway, the advanced glycation end product (AGE) formation pathway and the diacylglycerol (DAG
Suramin sodium salt is a polysulfonated naphthylurea that inhibits the binding of calmodulin to recognition sites on the ryanodine receptor-1 (IC50 = 4.9 ?M), blocks G protein coupling to GPCRs, and non-selectively antagonizes P2 purinergic
Extracted?from?Papaya fruit, marigold flower petals;Store?the?product?in?sealed,?cool?and?dry?condition
Loganin,an iridoid glucosides,has been reported to be an inhibitor of Cox-1 and also noted to suppress TNF-? formation. This compound also has displayed potent free-radical-scavenging activity and inhibitory effects on melanogenesis. Resear
Ergotamine Tartrate is the tartrate salt form of ergotamine, an ergot alkaloid and adrenergic alpha agonist with vasoconstrictor activity. Ergotamine tartrate selectively binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors thereby stimulating vascular smoo
Vildagliptin, previously identified as LAF237, is a new oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. Vildagliptin inhibits the inactivation of GLP-1 and GIP by DPP-4,
An acetamido cyclohexene that is a structural homolog of SIALIC ACID and inhibits NEURAMINIDASE.
Rimonabant(SR141716) is a selective central cannabinoid (CB1) receptor inverse agonist with Ki of 1.8 nM.
A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects. Pilocarpine is used as a miotic and in the treatment of glaucoma.
Doxazosin Mesylate is a selective, long-lasting antagonist of ?1-adrenergic receptor. Doxazosin Mesylate has been reported to potentiate contraction response to 5-HT in a dose-dependent manner. Doxazosin significantly reduced alcohol drinki
Nimesulide is a relatively COX-2 selective, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its approved indications are the treatment of acute pain, the symptomatic treatment of osteoarthritis and pr
An inhibitor of the enzyme steroid 11-beta-monooxygenase. It is used as a test of the feedback hypothalamic-pituitary mechanism in the diagnosis of cushing syndrome.
Melatonin is a MT receptor agonist, used as a dietary supplement.
Methotrexate, a folate antagonist, is a potent anti-inflammatory agent when used weekly in low concentrations, the anti-phlogistic action of which is due to increased adenosine release at inflamed sites. Studies have demonstrated that metho
A broad-spectrum antibiotic derived from KANAMYCIN. It is reno- and oto-toxic like the other aminoglycoside antibiotics.
Gemifloxacin is an oral broad-spectrum quinolone antibacterial agent used in the treatment of acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis and mild-to-moderate pneumonia. Gemifloxacin acts by inhibiting DNA synthesis through the inhib
A pyridinium-substituted semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial used especially for Pseudomonas infections in debilitated patients.
Octreotide is a synthetic long-acting cyclic octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin. Octreotide is a more potent inhibitor of growth hormone, glucagon, and insulin than somatostatin. Si
BMS-790052 is a highly selective inhibitor of HCV NS5A with EC50 of 9-50 pM, for a broad range of HCV replicon genotypes and the JFH-1 genotype 2a infectious virus in cell culture.
azedoxifene HCl is a novel, non-steroidal, indole-based estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) binding to both ER? and ER? with IC50 of 23 nM and 89 nM, respectively.
Tetrabenazine is a VMAT-inhibitor used for treatment of hyperkinetic movement disorder.
Alcaftadine(R89674) is a H1 histamine receptor antagonist, which is used to prevent eye irritation brought on by allergic conjunctivitis.
Extracted from synthetic product;Store the product in sealed, cool and dry condition
Extracted from Honey,fruits,berries,melon;Suitability:Water,ethanol,methanol,methylamine,ethylamine,pyridine and hot acetone;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Atazanavir (formerly known as BMS-232632) is an antiretroviral drug of the protease inhibitor (PI) class. Like other antiretrovirals, it is used to treat infection of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Atazanavir is distinguished from othe
Actions Daidzein is a phytoestrogen that is suggested to play a role in preventing hormone-induced cancers.
Lapatinib is an anti-cancer drug developed by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) as a treatment for solid tumours such as breast and lung cancer. It was approved by the FDA on March 13, 2007, for use in patients with advanced metastatic breast cancer in
A sulphonylurea hypoglycemic agent with actions and uses similar to those of CHLORPROPAMIDE.
A benzothiadiazine derivative that is a peripheral vasodilator used for hypertensive emergencies. It lacks diuretic effect, apparently because it lacks a sulfonamide group.
A cardiac glycoside sometimes used in place of DIGOXIN. It has a longer half-life than digoxin; toxic effects, which are similar to those of digoxin, are longer lasting. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p665
Bornyl acetate is the main volatile constituent in numerous conifer oils and some Chinese traditional herbs, which has displayed an anti-inflammatory effect before.
A major alkaloid of Vinca minor L., Apocynaceae. It has been used therapeutically as a vasodilator and antihypertensive agent, particularly in cerebrovascular disorders.
Acarbose is an inhibitor of intestinal alpha-glucosidase, used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Zomepirac, formerly marketed as Zomax tablets, was associated with fatal and near-fatal anaphylactoid reactions. The manufacturer voluntarily removed Zomax tablets from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in March 1983.
Antinematodal agent used mainly for livestock.
A chlorinated bisphenol antiseptic with a bacteriostatic action against Gram-positive organisms, but much less effective against Gram-negative organisms. It is mainly used in soaps and creams and is an ingredient of various preparations use
A derivative of the insecticide DICHLORODIPHENYLDICHLOROETHANE that specifically inhibits cells of the adrenal cortex and their production of hormones. It is used to treat adrenocortical tumors and causes CNS damage, but no bone marrow depr
A pyrethroid insecticide commonly used in the treatment of lice infestations and scabies. It is a yellow to light orange-brown, low melt-ing solid or viscous liquid.
Ritodrine HCl is a ?-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.Ritodrine is a tocolytic drug, used to stop premature labor. Ritodrine can significantly prolong a short interval more quickly but with relatively more side effects than magnesium sulphate.
Cisplatin is an inorganic platinum complex, which is able to inhibit DNA synthesis by conforming DNA adducts in tumor cells.
Trimetozine is a sedative that has been marketed in Europe since 1959. It also has mild tranquilizing effects and has been used in the treatment of anxiety.
it is pale yellow crystalline powder, used as cholagogue.
A carbamate insecticide and parasiticide. It is a potent anticholinesterase agent belonging to the carbamate group of reversible cholinesterase inhibitors. It has a particularly low toxicity from dermal absorption and is used for control of
Rasagiline is an irreversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase and is used as a monotherapy in early Parkinson's disease or as an adjunct therapy in more advanced cases.
it belongs to organophosphate compounds,  used as a kind of common environmental health insecticide.
Amitraz is a non-systemic acaricide and insecticide.
Epiandrosterone is a steroid hormone with weak androgenic activity, is a natural metabolite of DHEA.
An alkaloid from SOLANACEAE, especially DATURA and SCOPOLIA. Scopolamine and its quaternary derivatives act as antimuscarinics like ATROPINE, but may have more central nervous system effects. Among the many uses are as an anesthetic premedi
Aclidinium Bromide inhibits human muscarinic AChR M1, M2, M3, M4 and M5 with Ki of 0.1 nM, 0.14 nM, 0.14 nM, 0.21 nM and 0.16 nM, respectively.
Flupenthixol is a strong dopamine receptor antagonist.
Piperacetazine is an antipsychotic prodrug, used forschizophrenia.
Mesoridazine (Serentil) is a piperidine neuroleptic drug belonging to the class of drugs called phenothiazines, used in the treatment of schizophrenia. It is a metabolite of thioridazine. The drug's name is derived from the methylsulfoxy an
Ulipristal acetate(CDB2914) is a novel selective progesterone receptor modulator (SPRM) for the treatment of benign gynecological conditions such as uterine myoma.
Dienogest is an orally active synthetic progesterone, used for contraception and the treatment of endometriosis.
Ezogabine (D23129) is a close structural analog of the centrally acting analgesic flupitrine. It is a neuronal potassium channel opener being developed as a first-in-class antiepileptic drug (AED) and is currently being studied in Phase 3 t
Peramivir Trihydrate is a trihydrate of the anti-infection agent peramivir (RWJ-270201,BCX-1812) which is a transition-state analogue and a potent, specific influenza viral neuraminidase inhibitor with an IC50 of median 0.09 nM.
Oxandrolone(SC11585) is a synthetic hormone with anabolic and androgenic properties.
A potent direct-acting peripheral vasodilator (vasodilator agents) that reduces peripheral resistance and produces a fall in blood pressure. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p371)
Desloratadine is a potent antagonist for human histamine H1 receptor with IC50 of 51 nM.
Levosimendan is a calcium sensitizer acting through calcium-dependent binding to cardiac troponin C (cTnC), provides treatment for heart failure.
Alodan is an organic chloride insecticide
Fipronil is a broad-use insecticide that belongs to the phenylpyrazole chemical family. Fipronil is a broad-spectrum insecticide that disrupts the insect central nervous system by blocking GABA-gated chloride channels and glutamate-gated ch
A sulfonamide antimicrobial used for urinary tract infections and in veterinary medicine.
Olaparib (AZD2281, KU0059436) is a potent PARP inhibitor with IC50 of 5 and 1 nM for PARP-1and PARP-2, respectively.
Dabigatran etexilate is an oral prodrug that is metabolized by a serum esterase to dabigatran. It is a synthetic, competitive and reversible direct thrombin inhibitor. Inhibition of thrombin disrupts the coagulation cascade and inhibits the
Cortisol is a steroid hormone, in the glucocorticoid class of hormones, and is produced in humans by the zona fasciculata of the adrenal cortex within the adrenal gland. It is released in response to stress and low blood glucose.
Meclocycline (INN) is a tetracycline antibiotic. It is used topically (i.e. for skin infections) as it is totally insoluble in water and may cause liver and kidney damage if given systemically.
A topical bacteriostat that is available as various salts. It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action, but may cause skin ulceration.
Montelukast is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast blocks the action of leukotriene D4 on the cy
A histamine H1 antagonist. It has mild hypnotic properties and some local anesthetic action and is used for allergies (including skin eruptions) both parenterally and locally. It is a common ingredient of cold remedies.
An alpha-1 adrenergic agonist that causes prolonged peripheral VASOCONSTRICTION.
Fimasartan(BR-A-657) is a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure.
Sennoside A, a kind of irritant laxative isolated from rhei rhizome, causes purgative actions in the intestine.
Ginsenoside Re may have properties that inhibit or prevent the growth of tumors.
An alkaloid isolated from the stem wood of the Chinese tree, Camptotheca acuminata. This compound selectively inhibits the nuclear enzyme DNA TOPOISOMERASES, TYPE I. Several semisynthetic analogs of camptothecin have demonstrated antitumor
Extracted from Schisandra chinensis (Turcz.) Baill.;Suitability:DMSO;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Extracted from Gentianaceae Swertia L. Swertia mussotii Franch;Suitability:Methanol,ethanol;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Psoralen is used as photochemical probe in studies of DNA mutation and repair mechanisms. Causes photosensitization in human.
Extracted from Cinnamomum cassia;Suitability:Ethanol,ether,petroleum ether,benzene,toluene,acetone,decalin,tetralin;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Fasudil hydrochloride (INN) is a potent Rho-kinase inhibitor and vasodilator. Since it was discovered, it has been used for the treatment of cerebral vasospasm, which is often due to subarachnoid hemorrhage, as well as to improve the cognit
Azlocillin is an acylampicillin with a broad spectrum against bacteria
Vitamin A palmitate is a more stable, synthetic version of the essential nutrient vitamin A joined to palmitic acid.
Ebastine is a potent?H1-histamine receptor?antagonist, used for allergic disorders.
Vilazodone is a novel compound with combined high affinity and selectivity for the 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) transporter and 5-HT(1A) receptors. It has been shown to be equally efficacious as other antidepressants with similar gastrointest
Donor of choline in biosynthesis of choline-containing phosphoglycerides.
Sodium Monensin, isolated from Streptomyces cinnamonensis, is a well-known representative of naturally polyether ionophore antibiotics.
A monoamine oxidase inhibitor with antihypertensive properties.
A second-generation cephalosporin administered intravenously or intramuscularly. Its bactericidal action results from inhibition of cell wall synthesis. It is used for urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, and soft t
Chloropyramine is a first generation antihistamine drug approved in some Eastern European countries for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions. Related indicatio
Rivaroxaban is an anticoagulant and the first orally active direct factor Xa inhibitor. Unlike warfarin, routine lab monitoring of INR is not necessary.
Benazepril, brand name Lotensin, is a medication used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension), congestive heart failure, and chronic renal failure. Upon cleavage of its ester group by the liver, benazepril is converted into its active f
Terazosin is a selective alpha1-antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). It also acts to lower blood pressure, so it is a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement. It works by
A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent with antipyretic and antigranulation activities. It also inhibits prostaglandin biosynthesis.
A sympathomimetic agent that acts predominantly at alpha-1 adrenergic receptors. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of HYPOTENSION.
Estropipate is a form of estrogen. It has several uses such as: Alleviate symptoms of menopause as hormone replacement therapy, treatment some types of infertility, treatment of some conditions leading to underdevelopment of female sexual c
Irinotecan prevents DNA from unwinding by inhibition of topoisomerase 1.
Dexchlorpheniramine (trade name Polaramine) is an antihistamine with anticholinergic properties used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria. It is the pharmacologically active dextrorotatory isomer of chlorpheniramine.
Pamabron is a common over-the-counter diuretic used for relief of menstrual-associated symptoms. The active diuretic ingredient in pamabrom is 8-bromotheophylline. Pamabrom is available in combination with acetaminophen (paracetamol) for va
Thiostrepton is a one of the CYCLIC PEPTIDES from Streptomyces that is active against gram-positive bacteria. In veterinary medicine, it has been used in mastitis caused by gram-negative organisms and in dermatologic disorders.
Maprotiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant with similar pharmacological properties to tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs). Similar to TCAs, maprotiline inhibits neuronal norepinephrine reuptake, possesses some anticholinergic activity, and do
Homatropine Bromide is muscarinic AChR antagonist, inhibits endothelial and smooth muscle muscarinic receptors.
A class I anti-arrhythmic agent (one that interferes directly with the depolarization of the cardiac membrane and thus serves as a membrane-stabilizing agent) with a depressant action on the heart similar to that of guanidine. It also posse
Eletriptan hydrobromide is a orally active, selective 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist.
The main glucocorticoid secreted by the adrenal cortex. Its synthetic counterpart is used, either as an injection or topically, in the treatment of inflammation, allergy, collagen diseases, asthma, adrenocortical deficiency, shock, and some
It is used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, osteoarthritis, gout, etc.
A non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with a long half-life, used in cardiovascular disease to treat arrhythmias, angina pectoris, and hypertension. Nadolol is also used for MIGRAINE DISORDERS and for tremor.
A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE. It has been used in the treatment of familial hyperkalemia, hypertension, edema, and urinary tract disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th
Podophyllotoxin is a lignan (LIGNANS) found in PODOPHYLLIN resin from the roots of PODOPHYLLUM plants. It is a potent spindle poison, toxic if taken internally, and has been used as a cathartic. It is very irritating to skin and mucous memb
Diatrizoate Sodium is an iodinated radiopaque X-ray contrast medium. Diatrizoate sodium blocks X-rays, thereby allowing body structures containing iodine to be delineated in contrast to those structures that do not contain iodine and allowi
A muscarinic antagonist used to study binding characteristics of muscarinic cholinergic receptors.
it belongs to organophosphate compounds,  used as a kind of common environmental health insecticide.
Emetine is a drug used as both an anti-protozoal and to induce vomiting. It is produced from the ipecac root.
Fluocinolone Acetonide is a corticosteroid that binds to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor.
Neostigmine methyl sulfate is a cholinesterase inhibitor used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the effects of muscle relaxants such as gallamine and tubocurarine. Neostigmine, unlike PHYSOSTIGMINE, does not cross the blo
Etofenamate is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used for the treatment joint and muscular pain.
A synthetic progestational hormone with actions and uses similar to those of PROGESTERONE. It has been used in the treatment of functional uterine bleeding and endometriosis. As a contraceptive, it has usually been administered in combinati
Pimozide is a diphenylbutylpiperidine derivative and a dopamine antagonist with antipsychotic property. Pimozide selectively inhibits type 2 dopaminergic receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby decreasing dopamine neurotransm
Elvitegravir (GS-9137, JTK-303) is an HIV integrase inhibitor for HIV-1 IIIB, HIV-2 EHO and HIV-2 ROD with IC50 of 0.7 nM, 2.8 nM and 1.4 nM in cell-free assays, respectively.
Avanafil is a highly selective PDE5 inhibitor with IC50 of 5.2 nM, >121-fold selectivity over other PDEs.
Tolvaptan is an orally effective nonpeptide arginine vasopressin V2 receptor antagonist with IC50 of 3 nM, used to treat hyponatremia.
Darunavir Ethanolate (DRV) is a nonpeptidic HIV protease inhibitor, used to treat HIV infection.
Efonidipine(NZ-105) is a dual T-type and L-type calcium channel blocker (CCB).
Antibiotic substance produced by Streptomyces garyphalus.
Neratinib is an orally available, 6,7-disubstituted-4-anilinoquinoline-3-carbonitrile irreversible inhibitor of the HER-2 receptor tyrosine kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. Neratinib binds to the HER-2 receptor irreversibly, t
Crizotinib an inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinase for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Verification of the presence of ALK fusion gene is done by Abbott Molecular's Vysis ALK Break Apart FISH Probe Kit. This verificati
The active sympathomimetic hormone from the ADRENAL MEDULLA. It stimulates both the alpha- and beta- adrenergic systems, causes systemic VASOCONSTRICTION and gastrointestinal relaxation, stimulates the HEART, and dilates BRONCHI and cerebra
Imatinib mesylate is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor IC50 value of 100 nM, 100 nM, 600 nM for v-Abl, c-kit, PDGFR, respectively [1].
Tyrosine kinase is an enzyme which is a subclass of protein kinase and plays an important role in transferring
A slowly hydrolyzed cholinergic agonist that acts at both muscarinic and nicotinic receptors.
Vitamin B12 is a water soluble vitamin with a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system, and for the formation of blood.
Antianginal agent with antiarrhythmic properties that acts as a partial fatty acid oxidation inhibitor. Activates pyruvate dehydrogenase in ischemic myocytes to promote glucose oxidation, switching substrate utilization from fatty acids to
Tylosin tartrate is a macrolide antibiotic approved for the control of mycoplasmosis in poultry.
Potent, ATP-competitive VEGFR, PDGFR? and KIT inhibitor. Also inhibits cellular receptor phosphorylation of FLT3, RET and CSF-1R. Exhibits antiangiogenic and antitumor activity in multiple xenograft models.
Erlotinib hydrochloride (trade name Tarceva, Genentech/OSIP, originally coded as OSI-774) is a drug used to treat non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer and several other types of cancer. Similar to gefitinib, erlotinib specifically
A serine proteinase inhibitor used therapeutically in the treatment of pancreatitis, disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC), and as a regional anticoagulant for hemodialysis. The drug inhibits the hydrolytic effects of thrombin, plasm
Rosiglitazone maleate is the maleic acid salt form of rosiglitazone, a potent insulin sensitizer, which is used for the treatment of diabetes. Rosiglitazone belongs to a group of compounds, thiazolidinediones (TZDs), which selectively ligat
An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic highly bound to plasma proteins. It is pharmacologically similar to ASPIRIN, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding.
Cinepazide maleate is a maleate salt form of cinepazide which is a vasodilator.
Ribostamycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, containing a neutral sugar moiety, and is produced by Streptomyces ribosidi?cus.
Gemcitabine is a very potent and specific deoxycytidine analogue, used as chemotherapy.
It is used for symptomatic relief of allergic symptoms caused by histamine release, including nasal allergies and allergic dermatosis.
Mebhydrolin has been shown to enhance the performance-deficit effects of alcohol.
Balofloxacin is a quinolone antibiotic, inhibiting the synthesis of bacterial DNA by interference with the enqyme DNA gyrase.
Coronary vasodilator; inhibits calcium function in muscle cells in excitation-contraction coupling; proposed as antiarrhythmic and antianginal agents.
Dual L- and N-type calcium channel blocker that displays antihypertensive, sympatholytic and neuroprotective activity. Lowers mean blood pressure and reduces the size of cerebral infarction in the rat model of focal brain ischemia.
Diphenidol is an antiemetic agent used in the treatment of vomiting and vertigo. Diphenidol overdose may result in serious toxicity in children.
Clevidipine Butyrate is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker, uses as an agent for the reduction of blood pressure.
Noradrenaline bitartrate monohydrate is a direct alpha-adrenergic receptors stimulator.
Levosulpiride is a selective antagonist for D2 dopamine receptors used as an antipsychotic and prokinetic agent.
Butenafine hydrochloride is a synthetic benzylamine antifungal, works by inhibiting the synthesis of sterols by inhibiting squalene epoxidase.
Lincomycin  hydrochloride(Lincocin) is the monohydrated salt of lincomycin, a substance produced by the growth of a member of the lincolnensis group of Streptomyces lincolnensis.Lincomycin is an antibiotic used to treat a wide variety of ba
One of the centrally acting MUSCARINIC ANTAGONISTS used for treatment of PARKINSONIAN DISORDERS and drug-induced extrapyramidal movement disorders and as an antispasmodic.
Benzatropine is an anticholinergic drug used in patients to reduce the side effects of antipsychotic treatment. Benzatropine is also a second-line drug for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. It improves tremor, but not rigidity and brady
Paroxetine Hydrochloride is a antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs).Paroxetine is a potent and highly selective inhibitor of neuronal serotonin reuptake. Paroxetine likely inhibits the reuptake of se
Valaciclovir HCl is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex, herpes zoster, and herpes B.
An alpha-adrenergic blocking agent that is used in Raynaud's disease. It is also used locally in the eye to reverse the mydriasis caused by phenylephrine and other sympathomimetic agents. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed,
A phenothiazine antipsychotic used principally in the treatment of NAUSEA; VOMITING; and VERTIGO. It is more likely than CHLORPROMAZINE to cause EXTRAPYRAMIDAL DISORDERS. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p612)
Lopinavir (also known as ABT-378) is a highly potent inhibitor of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease that potently inhibits wild-type and mutant HIV protease
An anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Both the acid and its sodium salt are used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic or musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and acute gout.
Memantine is an uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist. When using HEK293 cells express recombinant rat NMDA receptors, memantine shows inhibition of L-glutamate-mediated response with a dose- and voltage-dependent manner. Memantine also ha
Agomelatine is structurally closely related to melatonin. Agomelatine is a potent agonist at melatonin receptors and an antagonist at serotonin-2C (5-HT2C) receptors, tested in an animal model of depression. Agomelatine was discovered and d
A appetite depressant considered to produce less central nervous system disturbance than most drugs in this therapeutic category. It is also considered to be among the safest for patients with hypertension.
Pheniramine Maleate is an antihistamine with anticholinergic properties used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria.
Doxycycline Hydrochloride is a synthetic tetracycline derivative with similar antimicrobial activity.Doxycycline is a tetracycline antibiotic which is commonly used to treat a variety of infections.
A pyrrolizine carboxylic acid derivative structurally related to INDOMETHACIN. It is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent used for analgesia for postoperative pain and inhibits cyclooxygenase activity.
Pazufloxacin (INN) is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic.
Adefovir dipivoxil, previously called bis-POM PMEA, with trade names Preveon and Hepsera, is an orally-administered acyclic nucleotide analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor (ntRTI) used for treatment of hepatitis B. It is ineffective again
Fenspiride is an oxazolidinone spiro compound used as a drug in the treatment of certain respiratory diseases. It is approved for use in Russia for the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases of ENT organs and the respiratory t
Tetrahydrozoline is an alpha agonist and its main mechanism of action is the constriction of conjunctival blood vessels. This serves to relieve the redness of the eye caused by minor ocular irritants.
An RNA synthesis inhibitor that is used as an antiviral agent in the prophylaxis and treatment of influenza
Mefloquine HCl is a blood schizonticide by inhibiting hemozoin formation, used as an antimalarial drug.
A sulfonamide that inhibits the enzyme carbonic anhydrase and is used as topical anti-infective, especially in burn therapy.
A cardioselective beta-1 adrenergic antagonist with little effect on the bronchial receptors. The drug has stabilizing and quinidine-like effects on cardiac rhythm, as well as weak inherent sympathomimetic action.
An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion
A local anesthetic of the amide type now generally used for surface anesthesia. It is one of the most potent and toxic of the long-acting local anesthetics and its parenteral use is restricted to spinal anesthesia. (From Martindale, The Ext
Doxorubicin is an Anthracycline Topoisomerase Inhibitor. The mechanism of action of doxorubicin is as a Topoisomerase Inhibitor. The chemical classification of doxorubicin is Anthracyclines.
Sodium Phenylbutyrate is a transcriptional regulators that act by altering chromatin structure via the modulation of HDAC activity.
Fomepizole is used as an antidote in confirmed or suspected methanol or ethylene glycol poisoning. Fomepizole is a competitive inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the initial steps in the metabolism of ethylene gly
Apixaban is a highly selective, reversible inhibitor of Factor Xa with Ki of 0.08 nM and 0.17 nM in human and rabbit, respectively.
Lurasidone is an atypical antipsychotic developed by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of schizophrenia on October 29, 2010 and is currently pending approval for the trea
Dasatinib is an oral dual BCR/ABL and Src family tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for use in patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). The main targets of Dasatinib, are BCRABL, SRC, Ephrins and GFR.
A moderately lipophilic beta blocker (ADRENERGIC BETA-ANTAGONISTS). It is non-cardioselective and has intrinsic sympathomimetic actions, but little membrane-stabilizing activity. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmocopoeia, 30th ed, p638)
Amphotericin b is a Lipid-based Polyene Antifungal and Polyene Antifungal. The chemical classification of amphotericin b is Polyenes.
Macrolide antibiotic obtained from cultures of Streptomyces fradiae. The drug is effective against many microorganisms in animals but not in humans.
Gliquidone is an anti-diabetic drug in the sulfonylurea class. It is used in the treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2. It is an ATP-dependent K+ (KATP) channel blocker. This block causes a depolarization which leads to activation of voltag
Xylose is a sugar first isolated from wood.  Xylose is classified as a monosaccharide of the aldopentose type.
Pilocarpine HCl is a nonselective muscarinic acetylcholine receptor agonist used to produce an experimental model of epilepsy.
Rivastigmine is a parasympathomimetic or cholinergic agent for the treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type and dementia due to Parkinson's disease.
Atropine is an antimuscarinic agent and has shown the pharmacological effects because of binding to muscarinic acetylcholine receptors. Atropine, the orthosteric antagonist, has been reported to compete with [3H]-NMS for all muscarinic subt
A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque.
A metabolite of AMITRIPTYLINE that is also used as an antidepressive agent. Nortriptyline is used in major depression, dysthymia, and atypical depressions.
Ciclopirox olamine (used in preparations called Batrafen, Loprox, Mycoster, Penlac and Stieprox) is a synthetic antifungal agent for topical dermatologic treatment of superficial mycoses. It is most useful against Tinea versicolor.
Halcinonide is a high potency corticosteroid used in topical preparations as an anti-inflammatory agent.
An analog of deoxyuridine that inhibits viral DNA synthesis. The drug is used as an antiviral agent.
Uricosuric that acts by increasing uric acid clearance. It is used in the treatment of gout.
Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called os
Lenalidomide (initially known as CC-5013 and marketed as Revlimid? by Celgene) is a derivative of thalidomide introduced in 2004. It was initially intended as a treatment for multiple myeloma, for which thalidomide is an accepted therapeuti
Deferasirox is an oral iron chelator. Its main use is to reduce chronic iron overload in patients who are receiving long term blood transfusions for conditions such as beta-thalassemia and other chronic anemias. It is the first oral medicat
Rosuvastatin is an antilipemic agent that competitively inhibits hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. HMG-CoA reducuase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid, the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthes
Enalapril is an Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitor. The mechanism of action of enalapril is as an Angiotensin-converting Enzyme Inhibitor. The physiologic effect of enalapril is by means of Decreased Blood Pressure.
A non-benzodiazepine that is used in the management of anxiety. It has been suggested for use in the treatment of muscle spasm.
A broad-spectrum semisynthetic antibiotic similar to AMPICILLIN except that its resistance to gastric acid permits higher serum levels with oral administration.
Tetrandrine, a bis-benzylisoquinoline alkaloid derived from Stephania tetrandra, is a calcium channel blocker.
Natural product isolated from Streptomyces pilosus. Deferoxamine mesylate forms iron complexes and is used as a chelating agent, particularly in the mesylate form.
Pantoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor drug used for short-term treatment of erosion and ulceration of the esophagus caused by gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Colistin is a cyclic cationic decapeptide linked to a fatty acid side chain, it belongs to a group of similarly structured bacterial antimicrobial peptides.
Diclazuril is an anti-coccidial drug.
A beta-2 adrenergic agonist used in the treatment of ASTHMA and BRONCHIAL SPASM.
An antibiotic compound derived from Streptomyces niveus. It has a chemical structure similar to coumarin. Novobiocin binds to DNA gyrase, and blocks adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) activity.
Catechin is a flavan-3-ol, a type of natural phenol and antioxidant. It is a plant secondary metabolite. It belongs to the group of flavan-3-ols (or simply flavanols), part of the chemical family of flavonoids.
Entecavir(BMS200475; SQ34676) is a guanosine analogue that inhibits reverse transcription, DNA replication and transcription in the viral replication process; oral antiHBV drug.
Cinoxacin was an older synthetic antimicrobial related to the quinolone class of antibiotics with activity similar to oxolinic acid and nalidixic acid.
Aminoacridine derivative that is a potent intercalating antineoplastic agent. It is effective in the treatment of acute leukemias and malignant lymphomas, but has poor activity in the treatment of solid tumors. It is frequently used in comb
Linagliptin is a DPP-4 inhibitor developed by Boehringer Ingelheim for the treatment of type II diabetes . Two pharmacological characteristics that sets linagliptin apart from other DPP-4 inhibitors is that it has a non-linear pharmacokinet
A calcium channel blocker that is a class IV anti-arrhythmia agent.
Rivastigmine is a parasympathomimetic or cholinergic agent for the treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type. Rivastigmine is a cholinesterase inhibitor that inhibits both butyrylcholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase.
Etamivan (INN) or ethamivan (USAN), trade name Analepticon, is a respiratory stimulant drug related to nikethamide. It is no longer used in the United States.
Its molecular fomula is C7H9N3O3S.
Amcinonide is a corticosteroid.
A tripeptide with many roles in cells. It conjugates to drugs to make them more soluble for excretion, is a cofactor for some enzymes, is involved in protein disulfide bond rearrangement and reduces peroxides.
A cardioselective beta-1-adrenergic antagonist with no partial agonist activity.
Silibinin, the main flavonoid extracted from the milk thistle Silybum marianum, displays hepatoprotective properties in acute and chronic liver injury.
Cefuroxime axetil is a second generation oral cephalosporin antibiotic. It was discovered by Glaxo now GlaxoSmithKline and introduced in 1987 as Zinnat.
A plant alkaloid with alpha-2-adrenergic blocking activity. Yohimbine has been used as a mydriatic and in the treatment of ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION.
Antibiotic substance isolated from streptomycin-producing strains of Streptomyces griseus. It acts by inhibiting elongation during protein synthesis.
Diflorasone is a Corticosteroid. The mechanism of action of diflorasone is as a Corticosteroid Hormone Receptor Agonist.
Bromisoval is a sedative and mild hypnotic with potentially toxic effects.
Risedronic acid (Risedronate ) is a pyridinyl biphosphonate which inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption.
N/A
Isradipine is a potent and selective L-type voltage-gated calcium channel blocker, used to treat high blood pressure.
Menatetrenone is a menaquinone compound and form of vitamin K2 with potential antineoplastic activity. Menatetrenone may act by modulating the signalling of certain tyrosine kinases, thereby affecting several transcription factors including
Ginsenosides are a class of steroid glycosides, and triterpene saponins, found exclusively in the plant genus Panax (ginseng). Ginsenosides have been the target of research, as they are viewed as the active compounds behind the claims of gi
Extracted from Glycine max(L.)Merr.;Suitability:Chloroform,benzene,ethyl acetate,pyridine,ethanol,acetone;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Actions Daidzin is an isoflavone reported to have anti-oxidant,anti-carcinogenic,and anti-artherosclerotic activities. Daidzin is the major active component of the traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) derived from radix puerariae (Kudzu) that
Extracted?from?Physochlaina infundibularis Kuang dried roots;Store?the?product?in?sealed,?cool?and?dry?condition
Flavanone glycoside with antioxidant and neuroprotective properties. Unlike other citrus flavanones,it does not inhibit oral carcinogenesis in a rat model.
An antioxidant flavonoid of plant origin; a free radical scavenger,preventing free radical-mediated damage in a variety of biological systems. For example,at physiological pH catechin suppressed DNA strand breaks by hydroxyl radicals.
Extracted?from?Trigonellafoenum-graecumL. seeds;Store?the?product?in?sealed,?cool?and?dry?condition
Extracted from Lonicera acuminata.Wall.;Suitability:Ethanol and acetone;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Inhibitor of NF-?B signaling; also attenuates concanavaline-induced IFN? production in murine T cells (IC50 = 1.7 ?M). Blocks androgen receptor (AR) expression in AR-expressing C4-2 cells. Activates Nrf2 in BEAS-2B cells in response to ciga
Active constituent of Cnidium monnieri,a traditional Chinese medicine used for its anti-inflammatory,analgesic,and anti-lipedemic activities.
Dihydroartemisinin (DHA) is a semi-synthetic derivative of artemisinin and isolated from the traditional Chinese herb Artemisia annua.
Long-acting, broad-spectrum, water-soluble, cephalexin derivative.
Docetaxel is a clinically well established anti-mitotic chemotherapy medication used mainly for the treatment of breast, ovarian, and non-small cell lung cancer. Docetaxel binds to microtubules reversibly with high affinity and has a maximu
Physostigmine is a parasympathomimetic alkaloid, specifically, a reversible cholinesterase inhibitor. It occurs naturally in the Calabar bean.
Mifepristone is a progestational and glucocorticoid hormone antagonist. Its inhibition of progesterone induces bleeding during the luteal phase and in early pregnancy by releasing endogenous prostaglandins from the endometrium or decidua. A
Dexamethasone (DHAP) is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs, and an interleukin receptor modulator that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant effects
Minocycline HCl is the most lipid soluble and most active tetracycline antibiotic, binds to the 30S ribosomal subunit, preventing the binding of tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex and interfering with protein synthesis.
Bosutinib is a Bcr-Abl kinase inhibitor for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). Compared to other tyrosine kinase inhibitors, it has a more favourable hematologic toxicity profile. FDA
Nilotinib, also known as AMN107, is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor under investigation as a possible treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). In June 2006, a Phase I clinical trial found nilotinib has a relatively favorable safety pro
Antiprotozoal agent effective in trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, and some fungal infections; used in treatment of PNEUMOCYSTIS pneumonia in HIV-infected patients. PENTAMIDINE ISETHIONATE may cause diabetes mellitus, central nervous system d
One of the MUSCARINIC ANTAGONISTS with pharmacologic action similar to ATROPINE and used mainly as an ophthalmic parasympatholytic or mydriatic.
Bumetanide is a Loop Diuretic. The physiologic effect of bumetanide is by means of Increased Diuresis at Loop of Henle.
Budesonide is an anti-inflammatory corticosteroid.
Budesonide has shown the potent glucocorticoid activity and little mineralocorticoid activity. In addition, Budesonide has been reported to have a wide range of inhibitory activities again
Estradiol is a synthetic ester used to treat menopausal symptoms and hormone deficiencies.
Miltefosine is used for the treatment of visceral and cutaneous leishmaniasis, and is undergoing clinical trials for this use in several other countries. Several medical agents have some efficacy against visceral or cutaneous leishmaniasis,
An amine derived by enzymatic decarboxylation of HISTIDINE. It is a powerful stimulant of gastric secretion, a constrictor of bronchial smooth muscle, a vasodilator, and also a centrally acting neurotransmitter.
Docetaxel, an analog of taxol, is an inhibitor of depolymerisation of microtubules by binding to stabilized microtubules.
A cardiotonic glycoside obtained mainly from Digitalis lanata; it consists of three sugars and the aglycone digoxigenin. Digoxin has positive inotropic and negative chronotropic activity. It is used to control ventricular rate in atrial fib
Azasetron Hydrochloride is a 5-HT3 receptor antagonist which is used as an anti-emetic.Azasetron inhibited the specific binding of [3H]quipazine to 5-HT3 receptors at the synaptic membranes of the rat cerebral cortex.
Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.
Tofacitinib citrate (CP-690550 citrate) is a novel inhibitor of JAK3 with IC50 of 1 nM, 20- to 100-fold less potent against JAK2 and JAK1.
An antibiotic isolated from the fermentation broth of Fusidium coccineum. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) It acts by inhibiting translocation during protein synthesis.
Tamsulosin is a selective antagonist at alpha-1A and alpha-1B-adrenoceptors in the prostate, prostatic capsule, prostatic urethra, and bladder neck. At least three discrete alpha1-adrenoceptor subtypes have been identified: alpha-1A, alpha-
Gefitinib (originally coded ZD1839) is a drug used in the treatment of certain types of cancer. Acting in a similar manner to erlotinib (marketed as Tarceva), gefitinib selectively targets the mutant proteins in malignant cells. It is marke
Clofarabine is a purine nucleoside antimetabolite that is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It is marketed in the U.S. and Canada as Clolar. In Europe and Australia/New Zealand the product is marketed under the name Evoltra. Clofara
Duloxetine HCl is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor .
Gentamycin Sulfate is a broad-spectrum, aminoglycoside antibiotic used for cell culture which inhibits protein synthesis in sensitive organisms.
Sirolimus is a mTOR Inhibitor Immunosuppressant.
Ritonavir is an antiretroviral (HIV) drug which inhibits a particular liver enzyme that normally metabolizes protease inhibitors, cytochrome P450-3A4 (CYP3A4).
Iloperidone is an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia symptoms. Hoechst Marion Roussel Inc. made initial inquiries into the drug; however, in May 1996, they discontinued research, and in June 1997 gave research rights
Daptomycin is a novel antibiotic with rapid in vitro bactericidal activity against gram-positive organisms.
Toremifene Citrate is an oral selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) which helps oppose the actions of estrogen in the body.
Olmesartan is an antihypertensive agent, which belongs to the class of medications called angiotensin II receptor blockers. It is indicated for the treatment of high blood pressure and is marketed under the name Olmetec?. The FDA label incl
A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3'-hydroxy group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by a hydrogen. This modification prevents the formation of phosphodiester linkages which are needed for the completion of nucleic acid chains.
The main glucocorticoid secreted by the adrenal cortex. Its synthetic counterpart is used, either as an injection or topically, in the treatment of inflammation, allergy, collagen diseases, asthma, adrenocortical deficiency, shock, and some
A furancarbonitrile that is one of the SEROTONIN UPTAKE INHIBITORS used as an antidepressant. The drug is also effective in reducing ethanol uptake in alcoholics and is used in depressed patients who also suffer from tardive dyskinesia in p
Pioglitazone is a selective peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPARgamma) agonist, used to treat diabetes.
Blonanserin is a novel atypical antipsychotic agent with potent dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 receptors antagonist properties.
An alkaloid isolated from the stem wood of the Chinese tree, Camptotheca acuminata. This compound selectively inhibits the nuclear enzyme DNA topoisomerase, type I. Several semisynthetic analogs of camptothecin have demonstrated antitumor a
An antineoplastic agent used to treat ovarian cancer. It works by inhibiting DNA TOPOISOMERASES,
Temozolomide, an alkylating agent, is a DNA damage inducer.
Rimonabant is an anorectic anti-obesity drug produced and marketed by Sanofi-Aventis. It is an inverse agonist for the cannabinoid receptor CB1. Its main avenue of effect is reduction in appetite. Rimonabant is the first selective CB1 recep
Second generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) used to prevent osteoporosis in postmenopausal women. It has estrogen agonist effects on bone and cholesterol metabolism but behaves as a complete estrogen antagonist on mammary
Ivermectin is a broad-spectrum antiparasitic drug in the avermectin family. It is taken internally or used topically, depending on the treated condition.
Mirtazapine is an antidepressant introduced by Organon International in 1996 used for the treatment of moderate to severe depression. Mirtazapine has a tetracyclic chemical structure and is classified as a noradrenergic and specific seroton
Pramiracetam is a more potent nootropic drug derived from piracetam. Pramiracetam reportedly improved cognitive deficits associated with traumatic brain injuries. Pramiracetam was also effective in the treatment of cognitive disorders of ce
Pramipexole is a medication indicated for treating Parkinson's disease and restless legs syndrome (RLS). It is also sometimes used off-label as a treatment for cluster headache or to counteract the problems with low libido experienced by so
Estradiol is a synthetic ester used to treat menopausal symptoms and hormone deficiencies.
Quetiapine is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia as well as for the treatment of acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. The antipsychotic effect of quetiapine is thought by some to be mediated through antagonist
Urapidil is a sympatholytic antihypertensive drug. It acts as an ?1-adrenoceptor antagonist and as an 5-HT1A receptor agonist.
Azelastine HCl is a potent, second-generation, selective, histamine antagonist.
Seratrodast (INN) is a thromboxane A2 (TXA2) receptor (TP receptor) antagonist used primarily in the treatment of asthma. It was the first TP receptor antagonist that was developed as an anti-asthmatic drug and received marketing approval i
Prednisone (Adasone) is a synthetic corticosteroid agent that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant compound.
Drospirenone is a synthetic progestin that is an analog to spironolactone. It is found in a number of birth control formulations. Drospirenone differs from other synthetic progestins in that its pharmacological profile in preclinical studie
Milnacipran hydrochloride is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) used in the clinical treatment of fibromyalgia.
A morpholinyl sydnone imine ethyl ester, having a nitrogen in place of the keto oxygen. It acts as NITRIC OXIDE DONORS and is a vasodilator that has been used in ANGINA PECTORIS.
Nadifloxacin is a topical fluoroquinolone antibiotic for the treatment of acne vulgaris.
Pentacyclic triterpene saponins, biosynthesized from protoaescigenin and barringtogenol, occurring in the seeds of AESCULUS. It inhibits edema formation and decreases vascular fragility.
Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy, which disrupts both gram positive and gram negative bacteria by interfering with cell wall and peptidogl
Axitinib is an oral, potent, and selective inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR) 1, 2, and 3. Axitinib is marketed under the name Inlyta?, and if one previous systemic therapy for kidney cell cancer has failed, a
Cefalonium (INN) is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic.
An anthracenedione-derived antineoplastic agent.
Polymyxin B sulphate is a mixture of polymyxins B1 and B2, obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains. They are basic polypeptides of about eight amino acids and have cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Polymyxin B is used for infecti
Losartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. Losartan and its longer acting metabolite, E-3174, lower blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone s
An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic of the phenylalkynoic acid series. It has been shown to reduce bone resorption in periodontal disease by inhibiting CARBONIC ANHYDRASE.
An alkylating nitrogen mustard that is used as an antineoplastic in the form of the levo isomer - MELPHALAN, the racemic mixture - MERPHALAN, and the dextro isomer - MEDPHALAN; toxic to bone marrow, but little vesicant action; potential car
Panobinostat (LBH589) is a novel broad-spectrum HDAC inhibitor with IC50 of 5 nM in a cell-free assay. Phase 3.
Pizotifen malate is a highly selective 5-HT receptor blocking agent, which is a benzocycloheptane based drug.
Trilostane is an inhibitor of 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. It was withdrawn from the United States market in April 1994.
Sucralfate is a cytoprotective agent, an oral gastrointestinal medication primarily indicated for the treatment of active duodenal ulcers.
Vinburnine (or eburnamonine, Vincamone) is a vasodilator. Vincamone is a vinca alkaloid and a metabolite of vincamine.
An alkaloid isolated from the stem wood of the Chinese tree, Camptotheca acuminata. This compound selectively inhibits the nuclear enzyme DNA TOPOISOMERASES, TYPE I. Several semisynthetic analogs of camptothecin have demonstrated antitumor
The major hormone derived from the thyroid gland. Thyroxine is synthesized via the iodination of tyrosines (MONOIODOTYROSINE) and the coupling of iodotyrosines (DIIODOTYROSINE) in the THYROGLOBULIN. Thyroxine is released from thyroglobulin
Fasudil Hcl(HA-1077; AT-877) is a potent inhibitor of ROCK-II, PKA, PKG, PKC, and MLCK with Ki of 0.33 ?M, 1.6 ?M, 1.6 ?M, 3.3 ?M and 36 ?M, respectively.
An antibiotic derived from penicillin similar to CARBENICILLIN in action.
Ticagrelor (trade name Brilinta in the US, Brilique and Possia in the EU) is a platelet aggregation inhibitor produced by AstraZeneca. Unlike clopidogrel, ticagrelor is not a prodrug and does not require metabolic activation. The drug was a
Nebivolol is a highly cardioselective vasodilatory beta1 receptor blocker used in treatment of hypertension. In most countries, this medication is available only by prescription.
An alkaloid that has actions similar to nicotine on nicotinic cholinergic receptors but is less potent. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic uses including in respiratory disorders, peripheral vascular disorders, insomnia, and
Rocuronium (rapid onset-curonium) is a desacetoxy analogue of vecuronium with a more rapid onset of action. It is an aminosteroid non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocker or muscle relaxant used in modern anaesthesia, to facilitate endotrache
Aliskiren hemifumarate is a direct renin inhibitor
A topically used antibiotic from a strain of Pseudomonas fluorescens. It has shown excellent activity against gram-positive staphylococci and streptococci. The antibiotic is used primarily for the treatment of primary and secondary skin dis
Estrone is an estrogenic hormone.
Gentamicin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic composed of a mixture of related gentamicin components and fractions and is used to treat many types of bacterial infections, particularly those caused by Gram-negative organisms.
Ceritinib is an orally available inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase activity of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, ceritinib binds to and inhibits wild-type ALK kinase, ALK fusion prot
Lovastatin is a HMG-CoA Reductase Inhibitor.
Dirithromycin is a macrolide glycopeptide antibiotic by binding to the 50S subunit of the 70S bacterial ribosome to inhibit the translocation of peptides.
Azithromycin Dihydrate is an acid stable orally administered macrolide antimicrobial drug, structurally related to erythromycin
Bicalutamide is an oral non-steroidal anti-androgen for prostate cancer. It binds to the androgen receptor.
An alkaloid found in the roots of Rauwolfia serpentina and R. vomitoria. Reserpine inhibits the uptake of norepinephrine into storage vesicles resulting in depletion of catecholamines and serotonin from central and peripheral axon terminals
Paromomycin Sulfate is an aminoglycoside antibiotics inhibiting protein synthesis in non-resistant cells by binding to 16S ribosomal RNA.
A benzothiazepine derivative with vasodilating action due to its antagonism of the actions of CALCIUM ion on membrane functions.
Orbifloxacin is a synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibiotic.
A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic att
An MAO inhibitor that is used as an antidepressive agent.
Fludrocortisone Acetate is a synthetic mineralocorticoid, used to control the amount of sodium and fluids in your body. It is used to treat Addison_acute_s disease by decreasing the amount of sodium that is lost (excreted) in your urine?als
A bacteriostatic antibiotic macrolide produced by Streptomyces erythreus. Erythromycin A is considered its major active component. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding proc
Tacrolimus is a macrolide isolated from the culture broth of a strain of Streptomyces tsukubaensis that has strong immunosuppressive activity in vivo and prevents the activation of T-lymphocytes in response to antigenic or mitogenic stimula
An aminoglycoside, broad-spectrum antibiotic produced by Streptomyces tenebrarius. It is effective against gram-negative bacteria, especially the PSEUDOMONAS species. It is a 10% component of the antibiotic complex, NEBRAMYCIN, produced by
Methacycline HCl is a tetracycline antibiotic, and also an inhibitor of epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT) with IC50 of roughly 5 ?M, used to treat various infections.
Nonivamide, also called pelargonic acid vanillylamide or PAVA, is an organic compound and a capsaicinoid. It is an amide of pelargonic acid (n-nonanoic acid) and vanillyl amine. It is present in chili peppers, but is commonly manufactured s
Synthetic pentapeptide corresponding to the amino acids 32-36 of thymopoietin and exhibiting the full biological activity of the natural hormone. THYMOPENTIN is an immunomodulator which has been studied for possible use in the treatment of
D-Pantethine is the biological activity form of VB5
Antibiotic complex produced by Streptomyces kanamyceticus from Japanese soil. Comprises 3 components: kanamycin A, the major component, and kanamycins B and C, the minor components.
Beta Carotene is an organic compound and classified as a terpenoid. It is a precursor (inactive form) of vitamin A.
Cytisine is an alkaloid that is found naturally in several plant genera such as Laburnum and Cytisus of the family Fabaceae. Recent studies have shown it to be a more effective and significantly more affordable smoking cessation treatment t
Entacapone is a selective, reversible catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) inhibitor for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. It is a member of the class of nitrocatechols. When administered concomittantly with levodopa and a decarboxylase
Argatroban is a direct, selective thrombin inhibitor. The American College of Cardiologists (ACC) recommend using bivalirudin or argatroban in patients who have had, or at risk for, heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) and are undergoing
Apramycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic and has a bactericidal action against many gram-negative bacteria. Apramycin is a structurally unique antibiotic that contains a bicyclic sugar moiety and a monosubstituted deoxystreptamine. It is n
Bacitracin Zinc is a dephosphorylation of the C55-isoprenyl pyrophosphate interference for inhibition of cleavage of Tyr from Met-enkephalin with IC50 of 10 ?M.
Mitiglinide is a drug for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Mitiglinide is thought to stimulate insulin secretion by closing the ATP-sensitive K(+) K(ATP) channels in pancreatic beta-cells. Mitiglinide belongs to the meglitinide class of bl
Progesterone is a critical hormone for the maintenance of pregnancy, menstrual cycle,  endometrium and functions with its receptor
Cetirizine dihydrochloride is a potent second-generation histamine H1 antagonist that is effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis, chronic urticaria, and pollen-induced asthma. Unlike many traditional antihistamines, it does not caus
Ethisterone is a progestogen hormone being considered to treat prostate cancer.
Oxfendazole is a broad spectrum benzimidazole anthelmintic. Its main use is for protecting livestock against roundworm, strongyles and pinworms. Oxfendazole is the sulfoxide metabolite of fenbendazole,
A cephalosporin antibiotic that is administered intravenously or intramuscularly. It is active against most common gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms, is a potent inhibitor of Enterobacteriaceae, and is highly resistant to hydro
Loteprednol (as Loteprednol Etabonate) is a topical corticoid antiinflammatory. It is used in ophthalmic solution for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosa
Enoximone is a selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor with vasodilating and positive inotropic activity that does not cause changes in myocardial oxygen consumption. It is used in patients with congestive heart failure. Trials were halted in
A natural tocopherol and one of the most potent antioxidant tocopherols. It exhibits antioxidant activity by virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus. It has four methyl groups on the 6-chromanol nucleus. The natu
Dronedarone HCL is an amiodarone analogue which has been shown an effective and promising treatment for Atrial fibrillation
Otilonium bromide is an antimuscarinic.
Fesoterodine is an antimuscarinic prodrug for the treatment of overactive bladder syndrome.
Fluticasone propionate, a medium-potency synthetic corticosteroid, is used topically to relieve inflammatory and pruritic symptoms of dermatoses and psoriasis, intranasally to manage symptoms of allergic and non-allergic rhinitis, and orall
Betamethasone Dipropionate is a glucocorticoid steroid with anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive abilities.
A phosphodiesterase inhibitor that blocks uptake and metabolism of adenosine by erythrocytes and vascular endothelial cells. Dipyridamole also potentiates the antiaggregating action of prostacyclin. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994,
Erythromycin Ethylsuccinate, an oral macrolide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces erythreus, reversibly binds to the 50S ribosome of bacteria, and inhibits protein synthesis.
A triazole antifungal agent that inhibits cytochrome P-450-dependent enzymes required for ERGOSTEROL synthesis.
Chlorophyllin refers to any one of a group of closely related water-soluble salts that are semi-synthetic derivatives of chlorophyll, differing in the identity of the cations associated with the anion. Its most common form is a sodium/coppe
Trospium is a urinary antispasmodic. It is sold under the brand name Sanctura in the US, and as Trosec in Canada.
Doxifluridine is a Thymidylate synthase inhibitor.
Vitamin D2 has a strong inhibitory effect against bladder tumor promotion by sodium saccharin and induces cell differentiation in leukemia cells. Vitamin D2 is an inhibitor of DNA Polymerase.
Edoxaban is a selective factor Xa inhibitor with Ki of 0.561 nM, >10 000-fold selectivity over thrombin and FIXa, and is also an orally bioavailable anticoagulant drug.
A naturally occurring furocoumarin compound found in several species of plants, including Psoralea corylifolia. It is a photoactive substance that forms DNA ADDUCTS in the presence of ultraviolet A irradiation.
A monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum. It is resistant to beta-lactamases and is used in gram-negative infections, especially of the meninges, bladder, and kidneys. It may cause a superinfect
Diacerin is an inhibitor of pro-inflammatory cytokine Interleukin-1B (IL-1B) production, prescribed for osteoarthritis and chronic inflammatory arthritis.
Valdecoxib was removed from the Canadian, U.S., and E.U. markets in 2005 due to concerns about possible increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
A monoamine oxidase inhibitor with antihypertensive properties.
Minaprine is a psychotropic drug which has proved to be effective in the treatment of various depressive states. Like most antidepressants minaprine antagonizes behavioral despair. Minaprine is an amino-phenylpyridazine antidepressant repor
Palonosetron (INN, trade name Aloxi) is a 5-HT3 antagonist used in the prevention and treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV). It is the most effective of the 5-HT3 antagonists in controlling delayed CINV nausea and vom
Olopatadine HCl is a histamine blocker used to treat allergic conjunctivitis. Olopatadine is one of the second-generation histamine H1 receptor antagonists that are treated for allergic disorders.
Tiotropium is a long-acting, 24 hour, anticholinergic bronchodilator used in the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Tiotropium is a muscarinic receptor antagonist, on topical application it acts mainly on M3 muscari
Nilvadipine is a calcium channel blocker (CCB) for treatment of hypertension. from DrugBan
Levocetirizine is a Histamine-1 Receptor Antagonist. The mechanism of action of levocetirizine is as a Histamine H1 Receptor Antagonist.
Prednisolone Acetate is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant agent.
Lomefloxacin hydrochloride (Maxaquin) is a hydrochloride salt of lomefloxacin and is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic.Lomefloxacin hydrochloride (Maxaquin) is used to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections.
Cortisone acetate is a steroid hormone that has both glucocoriticoid and mineral corticoid activities. Corticosteroids are used to provide relief for inflamed areas of the body. They lessen swelling, redness, itching, and allergic reactions
Glimepiride is the first III generation sulphonyl urea it is a very potent sulphonyl urea with long duration of action.
Nilutamide is an antineoplastic hormonal agent primarily used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Nilutamide is a pure, nonsteroidal anti-androgen with affinity for androgen receptors (but not for progestogen, estrogen, or glucocorticoid r
A synthetic pregnadiene compound with anti-aldosterone activity.
Estradiol benzoate is an estradiol analog which binds to the human, murine and chicken ER? with IC50 of 22-28 nM.
Candesartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. It is administered orally as the prodrug, candesartan cilexetil, which is rapidly converted to its active metabolite, ca
A semisynthetic derivative of PODOPHYLLOTOXIN that exhibits antitumor activity. Teniposide inhibits DNA synthesis by forming a complex with topoisomerase II and DNA. This complex induces breaks in double stranded DNA and prevents repair by
Phenformin, an anti-diabetic drug, has demonstrated antitumor activity both in vitro and in vivo.
Calcium Levofolinate is a calcium salt of folinic acid that is an adjuvant used in cancer chemotherapy.
Amlodipine Besylate is a long-acting calcium channel blocker, used to lower blood pressure and prevent chest pain.
A drug used to lower LDL and HDL cholesterol yet has little effect on serum-triglyceride or VLDL cholesterol.
Azilsartan medoxomil(TAK 491) is an orally administered angiotensin II receptor type 1 antagonist with IC50 of 0.62 nM, which used in the treatment of adults with essential hypertension.
Metoprolol Tartrate is a cardioselective ?-adrenergic receptor blocker.
Acetrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium.
Piperacillin is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, ampicillin derived ureidopenicillin antibiotic proposed for pseudomonas infections.
A potent calcium channel blockader with marked vasodilator action. It has antihypertensive properties and is effective in the treatment of angina and coronary spasms without showing cardiodepressant effects. It has also been used in the tre
Semisynthetic broad-spectrum cephalosporin with a tetrazolyl moiety that is resistant to beta-lactamase. It has been proposed especially against Pseudomonas infections.
Fexofenadine hydrochloride (Allegra) is an antihistamine drug used in the treatment of hayfever and similar allergy symptoms. It was developed as a successor of and alternative to terfenadine. Fexofenadine, like other second and third-gener
Darifenacin is a selective muscarinic receptor antagonist.
Telmisartan is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARB) used in the management of hypertension. Generally, angiotensin II receptor blockers (ARBs) such as telmisartan bind to the angiotensin II type 1 (AT1) receptors with high affinity,
One of the CEPHALOSPORINS that has a broad spectrum of activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms. .
Estriol is an antagonist of the G-protein coupled estrogen receptor in estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer cells.
Vemurafenib (PLX4032, RG7204) is a novel and potent inhibitor of B-RafV600E with IC50 of 31 nM in cell-free assay
Candesartan Cilexetil is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist with IC50 of 0.26 nM, used in the treatment of hypertension.
Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and its active metabolite inhibits the COX.
Tazobactam is a antibacterial penicillin derivative which inhibits the action of bacterial beta-lactamases.
A pyrimidine nucleoside analog that is used mainly in the treatment of leukemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia. Cytarabine is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. Its actions are specific
Vonoprazan Fumarate (TAK-438) is a novel P-CAB (potassium-competitive acid blocker) that reversibly inhibits H+/K+, ATPase with IC50 of 19 nM (pH 6.5), controls gastric acid secretion. Phase 3.
Diclofenac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) taken or applied to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions. It is supplied as or contained in medications under a variety of trade names.
A histamine H1 antagonist with low sedative action but frequent gastrointestinal irritation. It is used to treat ASTHMA; HAY FEVER; URTICARIA; and RHINITIS; and also in veterinary applications. Tripelennamine is administered by various rout
Pemirolast potassium is a slightly yellow powder that is soluble in water. It is a mast cell stabilizer that acts as an antiallergic agent. As an ophthalmic aqueous sterile solution, pemirolast is used for the prevention of itching of the e
Doxofylline is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor and a xanthine derivative drug for asthma.
Nevirapine is a Human Immunodeficiency Virus 1 Non-Nucleoside Analog Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor.
Mizoribine is an imidazole nucleoside, selectively inhibits inosine monophosphate synthetase and guanosine monophosphate synthetase.
Azathioprine is an immunosuppressive drug, inhibiting purine synthesis and GTP-binding protein Rac1 activation, used in the treatment of organ transplantation and autoimmune diseases.
Ramelteon is the first in a new class of sleep agents that selectively binds to the melatonin receptors in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN). It is used for insomnia, particularly delayed sleep onset. Ramelteon has not been shown to produce
An important regulator of GENE EXPRESSION during growth and development, and in NEOPLASMS. Tretinoin, also known as retinoic acid and derived from maternal VITAMIN A, is essential for normal GROWTH; and EMBRYONIC DEVELOPMENT. An excess of t
Azilsartan medoxomil is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. Azilsartan medoxomil is a prodrug of Azilsartan marketed as ""Edarbi"" by Takeda. Azilsartan medoxomil has
Bortezomib (PS-341) is a potent 20S proteasome inhibitor with Ki of 0.6 nM in a cell-free assay.
Trichlormethiazide is a thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. It is usually administered for the treatment of oedema (including that which is associated with heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis and corticos
Cefdinir is a bacteriocidal antibiotic.
Brinzolamide is a highly specific, non-competitive, reversible carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. Carbonic anhydrase (CA) is an enzyme found in many tissues of the body including the eye. It catalyzes the reversible reaction involving the hydrat
A cardioselective beta-1 adrenergic blocker. It is effective in the management of HYPERTENSION and ANGINA PECTORIS.
A histamine H1 antagonist used as the hydrogen fumarate in hay fever, rhinitis, allergic skin conditions, and pruritus. It causes drowsiness.
Roxatidine Acetate HCl is a specific and competitive histamin H2-receptor antagonist, with IC50 of 3.2 ?M, inhibits gastric acid secretion and ulcer formation.
Antitumor agent that forms platinum-DNA adducts. Causes intra- and interstrand DNA crosslinks blocking DNA replication and transcription. Displays higher cytotoxicity and lower nephrotoxicity than analog cisplatin and shows antitumor activi
Clopidogrel, an antiplatelet agent structurally and pharmacologically similar to ticlopidine, is used to inhibit blood clots in a variety of conditions such as peripheral vascular disease, coronary artery disease, and cerebrovascular diseas
Pemetrexed is a Folate Analog Metabolic Inhibitor. The mechanism of action of pemetrexed is as a Folic Acid Metabolism Inhibitor.
A serotonin agonist that acts selectively at 5HT1 receptors. It is used in the treatment of migraine disorders.
Prednisolone Acetate is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant agent.
A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyram
Proparacaine HCl is a voltage-gated sodium channels antagonist
Meropenem is a broad-spectrum carbapenem antibiotic. It is active against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Meropenem exerts its action by penetrating bacterial cells readily and interfering with the synthesis of vital cell wall com
Prasugrel, a thienopyridine derivative, is a platelet activation and aggregation inhibitor structurally and pharmacologically related to clopidogrel and ticlopidine. Similar to clopidogrel, prasugrel is a prodrug that requires enzymatic tra
Mycophenolate mofetil is the 2-morpholinoethyl ester of mycophenolic acid (MPA), an immunosuppressive agent, inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) inhibitor.
Gemcitabine is a nucleoside analog used as chemotherapy. It is marketed as Gemzar? by Eli Lilly and Company. As with fluorouracil and other analogues of pyrimidines, the drug replaces one of the building blocks of nucleic acids, in this cas
A drug combination that contains DIPHENHYDRAMINE and THEOPHYLLINE. It is used for treating vertigo, motion sickness, and nausea associated with pregnancy. It is not effective in the treatment of nausea associated with cancer chemotherapy.
It is an organic compound with fomulaa C12H26O12, used as cathartics, sweetening agents.
Buflomedil HCl is a vasodilator used to treat claudication or the symptoms of peripheral arterial disease.
Prednisolone Acetate is a synthetic corticosteroid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant agent.
Ticlopidine is an effective inhibitor of platelet aggregation. It is a prodrug that is metabolised to an active form, which blocks the ADP receptor that is involved in GPIIb/IIIa receptor activation leading to platelet aggregation. Ticlopid
A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of PHYCOSES, including SCHIZOPHRENIA.
A fat-soluble riminophenazine dye used for the treatment of leprosy. It has been used investigationally in combination with other antimycobacterial drugs to treat Mycobacterium avium infections in AIDS patients. Clofazimine also has a marke
Oxybuprocaine HCl is a local anesthetic, which is used especially in ophthalmology and otolaryngology.
Linezolid is a synthetic antibiotic, the first of the oxazolidinone class, used for the treatment of infections caused by multi-resistant bacteria including streptococcus and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The drug work
A beta-adrenergic antagonist similar in action to propranolol. The levo-isomer is the more active. Timolol has been proposed as an antihypertensive, antiarrhythmic, antiangina, and antiglaucoma agent. It is also used in the treatment of mig
A potassium sparing diuretic that acts by antagonism of aldosterone in the distal renal tubules. It is used mainly in the treatment of refractory edema in patients with congestive heart failure, nephrotic syndrome, or hepatic cirrhosis. Its
Sertraline hydrochloride is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) class.
An adrenergic beta-antagonist that is used in the treatment of life-threatening arrhythmias.
Deracoxib, a selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor, is a non-narcotic, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID).
Deflazacort is a glucocorticoid used as an anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant.It suppresses the immune system and so it can be used to treat autoimmune diseases. Deflazacort can help to prevent and to treat the rejection of transplante
An orally active testosterone 5-alpha-reductase inhibitor. It is used as a surgical alternative for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Benzthiazide is used to treat hypertension and edema. Like other thiazides, benzthiazide promotes water loss from the body (diuretics). They inhibit Na+/Cl- reabsorption from the distal convoluted tubules in the kidneys. Thiazides also caus
Clidinium is a synthetic anticholinergic agent which has been shown in experimental and clinical studies to have a pronounced antispasmodic and antisecretory effect on the gastrointestinal tract. It inhibits muscarinic actions of acetylchol
A sulfonylurea hypoglycemic agent that is metabolized in the liver to 1-hydrohexamide.
Triamcinolone acetonide is an antiinflammatory steroid that inhibits the IgE-dependent release of histamine. This is done by human basophils and the growth of NEL-M1 human melanoma cells.
Dexamethasone is a potent synthetic member of the glucocorticoid class of steroid drugs that has anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressant properties.
A muscarinic antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in rhinitis, in urinary incontinence, and in the treatment of ulcers. At high doses it has nicotinic effects resulting in neuromuscular blocking.
Dexlansoprazole is a Proton Pump Inhibitor.
Betamethasone Valerate is a moderately potent glucocorticoid steroid with anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties.
An agent with anti-androgen and progestational properties. It shows competitive binding with dihydrotestosterone at androgen receptor sites
Methylprednisolone is a synthetic corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties.
Tropisetron is a selective 5-HT3 receptor antagonist and ?7-nicotinic receptor agonist.
Bromopride is a dopamine antagonist with prokinetic properties closely related to metoclopramide, and is widely used as an antiemetic. It is not available in the United States or the United Kingdom.
An antiprotozoal agent used to combat coccidial infections of swine, cattle, fowl, and other veterinary animals. Also used in controlling outbreaks of fowl typhoid and fowl cholera and in treatment of infectious enteritis.
Flunixin Meglumin is a potent inhibitor of the enzyme cyclooxygenase used as analgesic agent with anti-inflammatory and antipyretic activity.
A neurotransmitter found at neuromuscular junctions, autonomic ganglia, parasympathetic effector junctions, a subset of sympathetic effector junctions, and at many sites in the central nervous system.
A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine. It is used as an antipsychotic and an antiemetic.
N,N?N?-triethylenethiophosphoramide (ThioTEPA) is a cancer chemotherapeutic member of the alkylating agent group, now in use for over 50 years. It is a stable derivative of N,N?,N??- triethylenephosphoramide (TEPA). It is mostly used to tre
The phosphoric acid ester of serine.
Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) analog of Diclofenac. It is used for the relief of pain and inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and ankylosing spondylitis.
Acemetacin (Emflex) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a glycolic acid ester of indometacin that is a cyclooxygenase inhibitor.
Lornoxicam (chlortenoxicam) is a new nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) of the oxicam class with analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties. Lornoxicam differs from other oxicam compounds in its potent inhibition of pr
Cyclobenzaprine HCl is a muscle relaxant by blocking pain sensations, used for the treatment of muscle spasms.
Valganciclovir (hydrochloride), the L-valyl ester of ganciclovir, is actually a prodrug for ganciclovir. Valganciclovir is an antiviral medication used to treat cytomegalovirus infections.
An antimuscarinic agent that inhibits gastric secretion at lower doses than are required to affect gastrointestinal motility, salivary, central nervous system, cardiovascular, ocular, and urinary function. It promotes the healing of duodena
Naftifine is an allylamine antifungal drug for the topical treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis, probably involves selectively blocking sterol biosynthesis via inhibition of the squalene 2,3-epoxidase enzyme.
Rebamipide, an amino acid derivative of 2-(1H)-quinolinone, is used for mucosal protection, healing of gastroduodenal ulcers, and treatment of gastritis. It works by enhancing mucosal defense, scavenging free radicals, and temporarily activ
Aripiprazole is an atypical antipsychotic medication used for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has also recently received FDA approval for the treatment of acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder. Aripiprazole appe
A histamine H2 receptor antagonist with low toxicity that inhibits gastric acid secretion. The drug is used for the treatment of duodenal ulcers.
Metolazone(Zaroxolyn) is primarily used to treat congestive heart failure and high blood pressure.
Tenoxicam, an antiinflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties, is used to treat osteoarthritis and control acute pain.
Irbesartan is an angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. It competes with angiotensin II for binding at the AT1 receptor subtype. Unlike ACE inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry co
Enrofloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. Enrofloxacin is a synthetic chemotherapeutic agent from the class of the fluoroquinolone carboxylic acid derivatives. It has antibacterial activity against a broad spectrum of Gram-negative and
A serotonin uptake inhibitor that is used as an antidepressive agent. It has been shown to be effective in patients with major depressive disorders and other subsets of depressive disorders. It is generally more useful in depressive disorde
Neostigmine bromide(Prostigmin) is a reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and a parasympatho-mimetic. By interfering with the breakdown of acetylcholine, neostigmine indirectly stimulates both nicotinic and muscarinic receptors. It bin
A competitive histamine H2-receptor antagonist. Its main pharmacodynamic effect is the inhibition of gastric secretion.
Nafamostat mesilate is a synthetic serine protease inhibitor, used as an anticoagulant during hemodialysis.
Cinacalcet Hcl (AMG-073) is an orally active, second-generation calcimimetic compound; AMG 073 represents a new class of compounds for the treatment of hyperparathyroidism.
Camostat is a trypsin-like protease inhibitor, inhibits airway epithelial sodium channel (ENaC) function with IC50 of 50 nM, less potent to trpsin, prostasin and matriptase.
A nasal vasoconstricting decongestant drug which acts by binding to the same receptors as adrenaline. It is applied as a spray or as drops into the nose to ease inflammation and congestion of the nasal passageways. It binds alpha-adrenergic
Pranoprofen is a PGE2 inhibitor with IC50 of 7.5 ?M.
Proposed anesthetic with possible anticonvulsant and sedative properties.
Betahistine is an antivertigo drug first used for treating vertigo assosicated with M?ni?re?s disease. It is also commonly used for patients with balance disorders.
An anticonvulsant effective in absence seizures, but generally reserved for refractory cases because of its toxicity. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p378)
A thiourea antithyroid agent that inhibits the synthesis of thyroid hormone. It is used in the treatment of hyperthyroidism.
Ipriflavone (7-Isopropoxyisoflavon) is used to inhibit bone resorption.
Indoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It was withdrawn worldwide in the 1980s after postmarketing reports of severe gastrointestinal bleeding. A 2004 study using high-throughput screening found indoprofen to increase product
Anastrozole is a drug indicated in the treatment of breast cancer in post-menopausal women. It is used both in adjuvant therapy (i.e. following surgery) and in metastatic breast cancer. It decreases the amount of estrogens that the body mak
Leukotrienes are substances that induce numerous biological effects including augmentation of neutrophil and eosinophil migration, neutrophil and monocyte aggregation, leukocyte adhesion, increased capillary permeability, and smooth muscle
Flutamide is an antiandrogen drug, with its active metablolite binding at androgen receptor.
An anti-gas warfare agent that is effective against Lewisite (dichloro(2-chlorovinyl)arsine) and formerly known as British Anti-Lewisite or BAL. It acts as a chelating agent and is used in the treatment of arsenic, gold, and other heavy met
Iproniazid is a non-selective, irreversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) of the hydrazine class. It was discontinued in most of the world in the 1960s, but remained in use in France up until fairly recently.[
Fenbufen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug in the propionic acid derivatives class.
(-)-Tetramisole is an antihelminthic drug that has been tried experimentally in rheumatic disorders where it apparently restores the immune response by increasing macrophage chemotaxis and T-lymphocyte function.
Mepivacaine is a tertiary amine used as a local anesthetic.
An antineoplastic antimetabolite that is metabolized to fluorouracil when administered by rapid injection; when administered by slow, continuous, intra-arterial infusion, it is converted to floxuridine monophosphate. It has been used to tre
A GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID derivative that is a specific agonist of GABA-B RECEPTORS. It is used in the treatment of MUSCLE SPASTICITY, especially that due to SPINAL CORD INJURIES. Its therapeutic effects result from actions at spinal and su
An anthracene derivative that disrupts MITOCHONDRIA function and structure and is used for the treatment of DERMATOSES, especially PSORIASIS. It may cause FOLLICULITIS.
A short-acting beta-2 adrenergic agonist that is primarily used as a bronchodilator agent to treat ASTHMA. Albuterol is prepared as a racemic mixture of R(-) and S(+) stereoisomers. The stereospecific preparation of R(-) isomer of albuterol
Leflunomide is a pyrimidine synthesis inhibitor belonging to the DMARD (disease-modifying antirheumatic drug) class of drugs, which are chemically and pharmacologically very heterogeneous. Leflunomide was approved by FDA and in many other c
A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits ectopic calcification and slows down bone resorption and bone turnover.
A synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen used in the treatment of menopausal and postmenopausal disorders. It was also used formerly as a growth promoter in animals. According to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985), diethyls
Erdosteine is a mucolytic. Erdosteine is a thiol derivative developed for the treatment of chronic obstructive bronchitis, including acute infective exacerbation of chronic bronchitis. Erdosteine contains 2 blocked sulfhydryl groups which a
Artemether is an antimalarial agent used to treat acute uncomplicated malaria. It is administered in combination with lumefantrine for improved efficacy. This combination therapy exerts its effects against the erythrocytic stages of Plasmod
Carprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that is used by veterinarians as a supportive treatment for the relief of arthritic symptoms in geriatric dogs. Carprofen was previously used in human medicine for over 10 years (1
Ethynyl estradiol is an orally bio-active estrogen used in almost all modern formulations of combined oral contraceptive pills. EE is hormonally effective by activating the estrogen receptor and thus is an estrogen. It finds its most common
A synthetic progestational hormone with actions similar to those of PROGESTERONE but functioning as a more potent inhibitor of ovulation. It has weak estrogenic and androgenic properties. The hormone has been used in treating amenorrhea, fu
Deferiprone is an oral iron chelator used as a second line agent in thalassemia syndromes when iron overload from blood transfusions occurs. Thalassemias are a type of hereditary anaemia due a defect in the production of hemoglobin. As a re
Desvenlafaxine (O-desmethylvenlafaxine) the major active metabolite of venlafaxine, is an antidepressant from the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI class). Desvenlafaxine may be used to treat major depressive disorder and is
A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic.
Exemestane is an oral steroidal aromatase inhibitor used in the adjuvant treatment of hormonally-responsive (also called hormone-receptor-positive, estrogen-responsive) breast cancer in postmenopausal women. It acts as a false substrate for
Cyclocytidine is the prodrug of cytarabine, which is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog that inhibits the DNA synthesis and used mainly in the treatment of leukemia.
A beta-lactamase inhibitor with very weak antibacterial action. The compound prevents antibiotic destruction of beta-lactam antibiotics by inhibiting beta-lactamases, thus extending their spectrum activity. Combinations of sulbactam with be
Misoprostol(SC29333) is a synthetic prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analog that is used to prevent gastric ulcers, to treat missed miscarriage, to induce labor, and to induce abortion.
Ramatroban (BAY u3405) is a thromboxane A(2) (TxA(2)) antagonist marketed for allergic rhinitis.
Pixantrone dimaleate (BBR 2778 dimaleate) is an experimental antineoplastic drug.
Dapagliflozin is a potent and selective hSGLT2 inhibitor with EC50 of 1.1 nM, exhibiting 1200-fold selectivity over hSGLT1. Phase 4.
Ipragliflozin (ASP1941) is a highly potent and selective SGLT2 inhibitor with IC50 of 2.8 nM; little and NO potency for SGLT1/3/4/5/6.
Glipizide is used to treat high blood sugar levels caused by a type of diabetes mellitus.
Nateglinide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It belongs to the meglitinide class of short-acting insulin secretagogues, which act by binding to ? cells of the panc
Revaprazan Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of a lipophilic, weak base with potassium-competitive acid blocking (P-CAB) activity. Revaprazan concentrates highly in the gastric parietal cell canaliculus and on entering this acidi
An antibiotic similar to FLUCLOXACILLIN used in resistant staphylococci infections.
Ezetimibe is an anti-hyperlipidemic medication which is used to lower cholesterol levels. Specifically, it appears to bind to a critical mediator of cholesterol absorption, the Niemann-Pick C1-Like 1 (NPC1L1) protein on the gastrointestinal
Tiagabine(NO328) is a selective gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) reuptake inhibitor.
Oxybutynin is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination, by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1,
Fluvoxamine maleate is a selective serotonin (5-HT) reuptake inhibitor (SSRI).
Bromfenac Sodium is the sodium salt form of bromfenac, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon ophthalmic administration, bromfenac binds to and inhibits the activity of cyclooxyge
Luliconazole is a broad-spectrum antifungal drug.
An agent derived from licorice root. It is used for the treatment of digestive tract ulcers, especially in the stomach. Antidiuretic side effects are frequent, but otherwise the drug is low in toxicity.
Penfluridol is a highly potent, first generation diphenylbutylpiperidine antipsychotic.
A broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic with a very long half-life and high penetrability to meninges, eyes and inner ears.
Tigecycline is bacteriostatic and is a protein synthesis inhibitor by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit of bacteria and thereby blocking entry of Aminoacyl-tRNA into the A site of the ribosome during prokaryotic translation.
Monoquaternary homolog of PANCURONIUM. A non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent with shorter duration of action than pancuronium. Its lack of significant cardiovascular effects and lack of dependence on good kidney function for elimi
Efavirenz is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI).
Lenvatinib (E7080) is a multi-target inhibitor, mostly for VEGFR2(KDR)/VEGFR3(Flt-4) with IC50 of 4 nM/5.2 nM, less potent against VEGFR1/Flt-1, ~10-fold more selective for VEGFR2/3 against FGFR1, PDGFR?/? in cell-free assays. Phase 3.
Nedaplatin is a derivative of cisplatin and DNA damage agent for tumor colony forming units with IC50 of 94 ?M.
Letrozole (INN, trade name Femara?) is an oral non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor that has been introduced for the adjuvant treatment of hormonally-responsive breast cancer Estrogens are produced by the conversion of androgens through the ac
Vortioxetine (Lu AA21004) is a multimodal serotonergic agent, inhibits 5-HT1A, 5-HT1B, 5-HT3A, 5-HT7 receptor and SERT with IC50 of 15 nM, 33 nM, 3.7 nM, 19 nM and 1.6 nM, respectively.
Amlexanox is an antiallergic drug, clinically effective for atopic diseases, especially allergic asthma and rhinitis. Amlexanox as a topical paste is a well tolerated treatment of recurrent aphthous ulcers. Recurrent aphthous ulcer (RAU) is
Pitavastatin calcium is a novel member of the medication class of statins.
A positive inotropic cardiotonic agent with vasodilator properties. It inhibits cAMP phosphodiesterase type 3 activity in myocardium and vascular smooth muscle. Milrinone is a derivative of amrinone and has 20-30 times the inotropic potency
Vorinostat (rINN) or suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (SAHA), is a drug currently under investigation for the treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL), a type of skin cancer, to be used when the disease persists, gets worse, or comes ba
Pomalidomide inhibits LPS-induced TNF-? release with IC50 of 13 nM in PBMCs.
Glycopyrrolate(Glycopyrronium Br) is a muscarinic competitive antagonist used as an antispasmodic.
A nitrogen mustard alkylating agent used as antineoplastic for chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's disease, and others. Although it is less toxic than most other nitrogen mustards, it has been listed as a known carcinogen in the Fourth
A tricyclic dibenzazepine compound that potentiates neurotransmission. Desipramine selectively blocks reuptake of norepinephrine from the neural synapse, and also appears to impair serotonin transport. This compound also possesses minor ant
A cycloheptathiophene blocker of histamine H1 receptors and release of inflammatory mediators. It has been proposed for the treatment of asthma, rhinitis, skin allergies, and anaphylaxis.
Ethynodiol diacetate is one of the first synthetic progestogens used in contraceptive pills.
Histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic rhinitis; ASTHMA; and URTICARIA. It is a component of COUGH and COLD medicines. It may cause drowsiness.
Risedronate Sodium, a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate, inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption and modulates bone metabolism, used in the treatment of osteoporosis.
A serotonin receptor (5HT-3 selective) antagonist that has been used as an antiemetic for cancer chemotherapy patients.
The active sympathomimetic hormone from the ADRENAL MEDULLA. It stimulates both the alpha- and beta- adrenergic systems, causes systemic VASOCONSTRICTION and gastrointestinal relaxation, stimulates the HEART, and dilates BRONCHI and cerebra
A selective adrenergic alpha-1 antagonist used in the treatment of HEART FAILURE; HYPERTENSION; PHEOCHROMOCYTOMA; RAYNAUD DISEASE; PROSTATIC HYPERTROPHY; and URINARY RETENTION.
A selective serotonin receptor antagonist with weak adrenergic receptor blocking properties. The drug is effective in lowering blood pressure in essential hypertension. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. It is well tolerated and is part
Repaglinide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It belongs to the meglitinide class of short-acting insulin secretagogues, which act by binding to ? cells of the panc
An antipsychotic phenothiazine derivative with actions and uses similar to those of CHLORPROMAZINE.
Chlorthalidone is a thiazide-like diuretic used to treat hypertension.
Adapalene is a topical retinoid primarily used in the treatment of acne and is also used (off-label) to treat keratosis pilaris as well as other skin conditions. It is currently marketed by Galderma under the trade names Differin in some co
Tolnaftate is a synthetic thiocarbamate used as an anti-fungal agent.
Sparfloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections. Sparfloxacin exerts its antibacterial activity by inhibiting DNA gyrase, a bacterial topoisomerase. DNA gyrase is an essential enzyme which controls
A second-generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist used in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and urticaria. Unlike most classical antihistamines (HISTAMINE H1 ANTAGONISTS) it lacks central nervous system depressing effects such as drowsi
Denatonium is a quaternary ammonium cation. It is a compound of a salt with an inert anion like benzoate or saccharide. The structure of denatonium is related to the local anesthetic lidocaine, differing only by the addition of a benzyl gro
Formestane was the first selective, type I, steroidal aromatase inhibitor used in the treatment of estrogen-receptor positive breast cancer in post-menopausal women. Formestane suppresses estrogen production from anabolic steroids or prohor
Sarafloxacin HCl is a hydrochloride salt form of sarafloxacin which is a quinolone antibiotic drug.
Broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic resistant to beta-lactamase. It has been proposed for infections with gram-negative and gram-positive organisms, GONORRHEA, and HAEMOPHILUS.
An antibiotic produced by Streptomyces lincolnensis var. lincolnensis. It has been used in the treatment of staphylococcal, streptococcal, and Bacteroides fragilis infections.
Olsalazine Sodium is a mesalamine dimer.
Olanzapine is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the FDA in 1996. Olanzapine is manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company, whose patent for olanzapine proper ends in 2011.
Amoxapine is the N-demethylated derivative of the antipsychotic agent LOXAPINE that works by blocking the reuptake of norepinephrine, serotonin, or both. It also blocks dopamine receptors.
An orally active synthetic progestational hormone used often in combinations as an oral contraceptive.
It was developed to be used as a chemotherapy medication for the treatment of brain cancer, pancreatic cancer and more.
N-Acetylneuraminic acid (Neu5Ac or NANA) is the predominant sialic acid found in mammalian cells.
Ciprofloxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial carboxyfluoroquinoline.
Cevimeline hydrochloride hemihydrate, a  novel muscarinic receptor agonist,  is a candidate therapeutic drug for xerostomia in Sjogren's syndrome.
Antibiotic substance produced by Streptomyces garyphalus.
Artemisinin is a drug used to treat multi-drug resistant strains of falciparum malaria (as well as increasingly vivax malaria). The compound is isolated from the plant Artemisia annua, a herb described in Chinese traditional medicine, thoug
A nicotinic antagonist that is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and crosses the blood-brain barrier. Mecamylamine has been used as a ganglionic blocker in treating hypertension, but, like most ganglionic blockers, is more often
Anagrelide is a Platelet-reducing Agent. The mechanism of action of anagrelide is as a Phosphodiesterase 3 Inhibitor.
Pirfenidone is an inhibitor for?TGF-??production and TGF-? stimulated collagen production, reduces production of?TNF-??and IL-1?, and also has anti-fibrotic and anti-inflammatory properties. Phase 3.
Tauroursodeoxycholic acid is the more hydrophilic form of ursodeoxycholic acid, which is the more abundant naturally produced bile acid in humans. Tauroursodeoxycholic acid, on the other hand, is produced abundantly in bears and has been us
Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called os
A pyrimidine analog that is an antineoplastic antimetabolite. It interferes with DNA synthesis by blocking the THYMIDYLATE SYNTHETASE conversion of deoxyuridylic acid to thymidylic acid.
Flucytosine is a Nucleoside Analog Antifungal. The chemical classification of flucytosine is Nucleoside Analog.
A nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent with potent analgesic and antiarthritic properties. It has been shown to be effective in the treatment of OSTEOARTHRITIS; RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS; ankylosing SPONDYLITIS; and in the alleviation of postope
2,6-Dimethylpiperidines are chemical compounds with the formula C5H8(CH3)2NH. Three stereoisomers exist: the achiral (R,S)-isomer and the chiral (R,R)/(S,S) enantiomeric pair. Dimethylpiperidines are derivatives of the heterocycle piperidin
Antiarrhythmic agent pharmacologically similar to LIDOCAINE. It may have some anticonvulsant properties.
Positional isomer of CYCLOPHOSPHAMIDE which is active as an alkylating agent and an immunosuppressive agent.
Isopropyl analog of EPINEPHRINE; beta-sympathomimetic that acts on the heart, bronchi, skeletal muscle, alimentary tract, etc. It is used mainly as bronchodilator and heart stimulant.
Flumequine is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class used to treat bacterial infections.
Etomidate is a GABAA receptor agonist, used as a short-acting anaesthetic agent or sedative.
Zolmitriptan is a selective serotonin receptor agonist.
Aminoglutethimide is an aromatase inhibitor that is used in the treatment of advanced BREAST CANCER.
Enilconazole (synonyms imazalil, chloramizole) is a fungicide widely used in agriculture, particularly in the growing of citrus fruits. Enilconazole is also used in veterinary medicine as a topical antimycotic.
Ciclopirox ethanolamine (Ciclopirox olamine, HOE 296) is a broad-spectrum antifungal agent working as an iron chelator.
Synthetic antimicrobial related to NALIDIXIC ACID and used in URINARY TRACT INFECTIONS.
An anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Both the acid and its sodium salt are used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic or musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and acute gout.
Acetohydroxamic Acid, a synthetic drug derived from hydroxylamine and ethyl acetate, is similar in structure to urea. In the urine, it acts as an antagonist of the bacterial enzyme urease. Acetohydroxamic Acid has no direct antimicrobial ac
Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin?) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not
A semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic that is used in the treatment of TUBERCULOSIS.
(-)-Parthenolide is a sesquiterpene lactone which occurs naturally in the plant feverfew(Tanacetum parthenium) and also promotes the ubiquitination of MDM2 and activates p53 cellular functions.
Antineoplastic antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces peucetius. It is a hydroxy derivative of DAUNORUBICIN.
Biotin is a water-soluble B-vitamin and is necessary for cell growth, the production of fatty acids, and the metabolism of fats and amino acids.
Lercanidipine is a calcium channel blocker of the dihydropyridine class.
Entacapone (INN) is a drug that functions as a catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) inhibitor. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Diammonium glycyrrhizinate is a widely used anti-inflammatory agent isolated from the licorice root. It is metabolized to GLYCYRRHETINIC ACID, which inhibits 11-BETA-HYDROXYSTEROID DEHYDROGENASES and other enzymes involved in the metabolism
Ftorafur is a substance being used in the treatment of some types of cancer. It is a combination of tegafur and uracil. The tegafur is taken up by the cancer cells and breaks down into 5-FU, a substance that kills tumor cells. The uracil ca
Milbemycin oxime is a veterinary drug from the group of milbemycins, used as a broad spectrum antiparasitic.
Amfenac Sodium monohydrate is a non-steroidal analgesic anti-inflammatory drug with acetic acid moiety.
A pyrazine compound inhibiting SODIUM reabsorption through SODIUM CHANNELS in renal EPITHELIAL CELLS. This inhibition creates a negative potential in the luminal membranes of principal cells, located in the distal convoluted tubule and coll
Tranilast is an antiallergic drug by inhibiting lipid mediator and cytokine release from inflammatory cells, used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
Tirofiban hydrochloride monohydrate is a potent non-peptide, glycoprotein IIb/IIIa (integrins alphaIIbbetaIII) antagonist
anticholinergic agent
Donor of choline in biosynthesis of choline-containing phosphoglycerides.
Hydralazine HCl is a hydrochloride salt of hydralazine (Apresoline) that is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant.
17?-Methyltestosterone has similar binding affinity to AR and similar androgenic and anabolic activities as testosterone.
Alogliptin is a potent, selective inhibitor of DPP-4 with IC50 of <10 nM, exhibits greater than 10,000-fold selectivity over DPP-8 and DPP-9.
Etravirine (TMC125) is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) used for the treatment of HIV.
Nandrolone decanoate is an anabolic steroid used in doping.
The immediate precursor in the biosynthesis of SEROTONIN from tryptophan. It is used as an antiepileptic and antidepressant.
Tianeptine sodium is a selective serotonin reuptake enhancer (SSRE), used for treating major depressive episodes.
Ecabet sodium: a potential new agent in the management of distal colitis.
Oxiracetam, a cyclic derivative of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), is used as a nootropic drug to improve memory and learning.
Amlodipine is a synthetic dihydropyridine and a calcium channel blocker with antihypertensive and antianginal properties. Amlodipine inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and peripheral vascular smooth muscle cel
Eprosartan is a nonpeptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist, [3H]-eprosartan binds to the AT1 receptor with KD of 0.83 nM in rat vascular smooth muscle cells.
Doramectin is an antiparasitic agent.
Prucalopride is a selective, high affinity 5-HT receptor agonist for 5-HT4A and 5-HT4B receptor with Ki of 2.5 nM and 8 nM, respectively, exhibits >290-fold selectivity against other 5-HT receptor subtypes.
Etofibrate is a combination of clofibrate and niacin, used to treat hyperlipemia.
Benactyzine hydrochloride is a centrally acting muscarinic antagonist. Benactyzine has been used in the treatment of depression and is used in research to investigate the role of cholinergic systems on behavior.
A renal dehydropeptidase-I and leukotriene D4 dipeptidase inhibitor. Since the antibiotic, IMIPENEM, is hydrolyzed by dehydropeptidase-I, which resides in the brush border of the renal tubule, cilastatin is administered with imipenem to inc
Pancreatin is a mixture of several digestive enzymes produced by the exocrine cells of the pancreas. It is composed of amylase, lipase and protease.
A diastase is any one of a group of enzymes which catalyses the breakdown of starch into maltose.
Alizapride HCl is a dopamine receptor antagonist used for the theropy of nausea and vomiting.
Fluoxymesterone is an Androgen. The mechanism of action of fluoxymesterone is as an Androgen Receptor Agonist. The chemical classification of fluoxymesterone is Androstanes.
Zanamivir is an influenza viral neuraminidase inhibitor that is a structural analog of the sialic acid.
Alosetron Hcl is a Serotonin 5HT3-receptor antagonist that is used in treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
Etonogestrel is a steroidal progestin used in hormonal contraceptives.
PERINDOPRIL ERBUMINE is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor. It is used in patients with hypertension and heart failure.
Allylestrenol is a synthetic steroid with progestational activity.
Levodropropizine possess anti-allergic and inhibits histamine receptor, reduces cough by interfering with stimulus activation of peripheral endings of sensory nerves and by modulation of neuropeptides involved in the cough reflex.
N/A
Nifuratel(NF 113, SAP 113) is a broad antibacterial spectrum agent, which is used as an antibacterial, antifungal, and antiprotozoal (Trichomonas).
A muscarinic antagonist used to study binding characteristics of muscarinic cholinergic receptors.
Guanethidine is an antihypertensive drug that reduces the release of catecholamines, such as norepinephrine.
Tapentadol Hcl is a centrally acting oral analgesic with opioid and adrenergic activity.
Lacosamide (Vimpat; Erlosamide) is a medication developed for the adjunctive treatment of partial-onset seizures and diabetic neuropathic pain.
Levomilnacipran is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. Chemically, levomilnacipran is the 1S,2R-enantiomer of milnacipran.
Rebeprazole sodium is a proton pump inhibitor.
Estradiol dipropionate is a synthetic ester, specifically the 3,17-dipropanoyl ester, of the natural estrogen, estradiol.
O-Acetyl-L-carnitine hydrochloride is an acetic acid ester of CARNITINE that facilitates movement of ACETYL COA into the matrices of mammalian MITOCHONDRIA during the oxidation of FATTY ACIDS.
Rufinamide is a voltage-gated sodium channel blocker, used an anticonvulsant medication.
Didanosine is a reverse transcriptase inhibitor with an IC50 of 0.49 ?M.
Eflornithine hydrochloride, hydrate (DFMO; MDL-71782) is a drug found to be effective in the treatment of facial hirsutism.
Adrenosterone is a steroid hormone with weak androgenic effect. It was first isolated in 1936 from the adrenal cortex by Tadeus Reichstein at the Pharmaceutical Institute in the University of Basel. Originally, adrenosterone was called Reic
3-Mercapto-D-valine. The most characteristic degradation product of the penicillin antibiotics. It is used as an antirheumatic and as a chelating agent in Wilson's disease.
Brivudine is an antiviral drug used in the treatment of herpes zoster.
An oral retinoid effective in the treatment of psoriasis. It is the major metabolite of ETRETINATE with the advantage of a much shorter half-life when compared with etretinate.
Succimer is a Lead Chelator. The mechanism of action of succimer is as a Lead Chelating Activity.
2'-Deoxyuridine. An antimetabolite that is converted to deoxyuridine triphosphate during DNA synthesis. Laboratory suppression of deoxyuridine is used to diagnose megaloblastic anemias due to vitamin B12 and folate deficiencies.
Ibudilast is an anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective oral agent which shows an excellent safety profile at 60 mg/day and provides significantly prolonged time-to-first relapse and attenuated brain volume shrinkage in patients with relapsin
Tolmetin is a Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug. The mechanism of action of tolmetin is as a Cyclooxygenase Inhibitor. The chemical classification of tolmetin is Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Compounds
Dorzolamide is a carbonic anhydrase (CA) inhibitor. It is used in ophthalmic solutions (Trusopt) to lower intraocular pressure (IOP) in open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
Doxapram HCl is a respiratory stimulant.
Naloxone HCl is an opioid inverse agonist drug used to counter the effects of opiate overdose.
Esomeprazole Magnesium is a proton pump inhibitor to reduce gastric acid secretion.
Bendamustine HCl is an alkylating agent associated with DNA damage with IC50 of 50 ?M
Telbivudine is a Hepatitis B Virus Nucleoside Analog Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor. The mechanism of action of telbivudine is as a Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor. The chemical classification of telbivudine is Nucleoside Analog
Edoxaban is a selective factor Xa inhibitor with Ki of 0.561 nM, >10 000-fold selectivity over thrombin and FIXa, and is also an orally bioavailable anticoagulant drug.
Varenicline Tartrate is a nicotinic AChR partial agonist, used to treat nicotine addiction.
Esomeprazole Sodium is a sodium salt of esomeprazole that is a potent proton pump inhibitor with an IC50 of 0.076 mg/kg.
Used as pharmaceutical intermediates
Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is a nucleoside triphosphate used in cells as a coenzyme often called the ""molecular unit of currency"" of intracellular energy transfer.
Montelukast is a leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) used for the maintenance treatment of asthma and to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies. It is usually administered orally. Montelukast blocks the action of leukotriene D4 on the cy
Vortioxetine (Lu AA21004) is a multimodal serotonergic agent, inhibits 5-HT1A, 5-HT1B, 5-HT3A, 5-HT7 receptor and SERT with IC50 of 15 nM, 33 nM, 3.7 nM, 19 nM and 1.6 nM, respectively.
A pyrimidine nucleoside that is composed of the base CYTOSINE linked to the five-carbon sugar D-RIBOSE.
Ethaverine, a homologue of papaverine, has inhibitory effects  on monoamine oxidase activity in mouse brain. [1]
Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estra
A cholinesterase inhibitor that crosses the blood-brain barrier. Tacrine has been used to counter the effects of muscle relaxants, as a respiratory stimulant, and in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and other central nervous system diso
Sulfanilamide is a molecule containing the sulfonamide functional group attached to an aniline.
ercaptopurine is a widely used antileukemic agent and immunosuppressive drug that inhibits de novo purine synthesis through incorporation of thiopurine methyltransferase metabolites into DNA and RNA.
Ftaxilide has the property of antibacterial, used as antiseptic.
Scopolamine butylbromide is a competitive antagonist of  muscarinic acetylcholine receptor (mAChR) with an IC50 of 55.3 ? 4.3 nM.
Norgestrel is a synthetic progestin commonly used alone or in combination with an estrogen for contraception. Norgestrel suppresses the secretion of luteinizing and follicle-stimulating hormones (LH and FSH), thickens cervical mucus, and sl
Arbidol HCl is an antiviral treatment for influenza infection.
A calcium channel blocker with marked vasodilator action. It is an effective antihypertensive agent and differs from other calcium channel blockers in that it does not reduce glomerular filtration rate and is mildly natriuretic, rather than
Selective, high affinity P2Y12 receptor antagonist. Inhibits ADP-induced platelet aggregation and displays antithrombotic activity. Active enantiomer of (?)-clopidogrel hydrochloride.
Pemetrexed (brand name Alimta) is a chemotherapy drug manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company. Its indications are the treatment of pleural mesothelioma as well as non-small cell lung cancer.
Ropivacaine is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. The name ropivacaine refers to both the racemate and the marketed S-enantiomer. Ropivacaine hydrochloride is commonly marketed by AstraZeneca under the trade name N
The first highly specific serotonin uptake inhibitor. It is used as an antidepressant and often has a more acceptable side-effects profile than traditional antidepressants.
Adenosine monophosphate (AMP), also known as 5'-adenylic acid, is a nucleotide that is used as a monomer in RNA. It is an ester of phosphoric acid and the nucleoside adenosine. AMP consists of a phosphate group, the sugar ribose, and the nu
Oxybutynin is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination, by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1,
A GLUTATHIONE dimer formed by a disulfide bond between the cysteine sulfhydryl side chains during the course of being oxidized.
A drug that has analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic properties. It is the sodium sulfonate of AMINOPYRINE. Because of the risk of serious adverse effects its use is justified only in serious situations where no alternative is avai
A pyrimidine analogue that inhibits DNA methyltransferase, impairing DNA methylation. It is also an antimetabolite of cytidine, incorporated primarily into RNA. Azacytidine has been used as an antineoplastic agent.
An anxiolytic agent and serotonin receptor agonist belonging to the azaspirodecanedione class of compounds. Its structure is unrelated to those of the BENZODIAZAPINES, but it has an efficacy comparable to DIAZEPAM.
Vancomycin hydrochloride (Vancocin) is used in the prophylaxis and treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Vancomycin acts by inhibiting proper cell wall synthesis in Gram-positive bacteria.
Ifenprodil is an atypical noncompetitive antagonist at the NMDA receptor, it interacts with high affinity at a homogeneous population of NMDA receptors in neonatal rat forebrain.
A pyrazine compound inhibiting SODIUM reabsorption through SODIUM CHANNELS in renal EPITHELIAL CELLS. This inhibition creates a negative potential in the luminal membranes of principal cells, located in the distal convoluted tubule and coll
Losartan is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist.
Sunitinib is a multi-targeted RTK inhibitor targeting VEGFR2 (Flk-1) and PDGFR? with IC50 of 80 nM and 2 nM, and also inhibits c-Kit.
A synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA GYRASE.
The most characteristic degradation product of the penicillin antibiotics. It is used as an antirheumatic and as a chelating agent in Wilson's disease. .
Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibiotic derivative of cephalexin.
An inhibitor of DOPA decarboxylase, preventing conversion of levodopa to dopamine. It is used in parkinson disease to reduce peripheral adverse effects of levodopa. It has no antiparkinson actions by itself.
Ciclesonide(RPR251526) is a glucocorticoid used to treat obstructive airway diseases.
Fulvestrant is a drug treatment of hormone receptor-positive metastatic breast cancer in post-menopausal women with disease progression following anti-estrogen therapy. It is an estrogen receptor antagonist with no agonist effects, which wo
Indacaterol(Onbrez; Arcapta) is an ultra-long-acting ?-adrenoceptor agonist.
A centrally acting antihypertensive agent with specificity towards ?2A-adrenoceptor.
Meclizine is a histamine H1 receptor antagonist used to treat nausea and motion sickness, has anti-histamine, anti-muscarinic and anti-oxidative phosphorylation properties, also an agonist ligand for mCAR (constitutive androstane receptor)
Altrenogest is a progestogen structurally related to veterinary steroid trenbolone.
Pazopanib is a small molecule inhibitor of multiple protein tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. Pazopanib selectively inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR)-1, -2 and -3, c-kit and platelet derive
Clorsulon is used in the treatment of Fasciola hepatica infections in calves and sheep.
Desonide is a low potency topical corticosteroid. It is primarily used to treat atopic dermatitis (eczema), seborrheic dermatitis, psoriasis and contact dermatitis in both adults and children and has a fairly good safety profile.
Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is d
Ceftiofur is a broad spectrum cephalosporin.
Merbromin is a topical antiseptic used for minor cuts and scrapes. Merbromin is an organomercuric disodium salt compound and a fluorescein.
Pimobendan is a selective inhibitor of PDE3 with IC50 of 0.32 ?M.
Vinpocetine is a selective inhibitor of cyclic GMP phosphodiesterase (PDE).
Trimebutine is a drug with antimuscarinic and weak mu opioid agonist effects.Trimebutine is an agonist of peripheral mu, kappa and delta opiate receptors, used as spasmolytic agent for treatment of both acute and chronic abdominal pain. The
Antimicrobial against Gram negative and some Gram positive bacteria. It is protein bound and concentrated in bile and urine and used for gastrointestinal, biliary, and urinary infections.
Azelnidipine is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker.
Sildenafil, a selective inhibitor of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5), is a well-tolerated and highly effective treatment for erectile dysfunction.
Arbutin is glucosylated hydroquinone, and may carry similar cancer risks, although there are also claims that arbutin reduces cancer risk. It prevents the formation of melanin.
Broad spectrum anthelmintic for livestock.
Orphenadrine is an anticholinergic drug of the ethanolamine antihistamine class with prominent central nervous system (CNS) and peripheral actions used to treat painful muscle spasms and other similar conditions, as well as the treatment of
Cyproheptadine hydrochloride is an antagonist of serotonin receptor.
Proposed spasmolytic with possible local anesthetic action used in gastrointestinal disorders.
Nitroxoline is a urinary antibacterial agent active against susceptible gram-positive and gram-negative organisms commonly found in urinary tract infections. It is a fluorquinolone that is active against bacterial gyrases.
Bifonazole is an azole antifungal drug.
A glucocorticoid given, as the free alcohol or in esterified form, orally, intramuscularly, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. (From Martind
Acipimox is a niacin derivative used as a hypolipidemic agent. It is used in low doses and may have less marked adverse effects, although it is unclear whether the recommended dose is as effective as are standard doses of nicotinic acid. Ac
A second-line antitubercular agent that inhibits mycolic acid synthesis.
A piperidinyl isoindole originally introduced as a non-barbiturate hypnotic, but withdrawn from the market due to teratogenic effects. It has been reintroduced and used for a number of immunological and inflammatory disorders. Thalidomide d
Pidotimod is an immunostimulant.
Methyldopa is an alpha-adrenergic agonist (selective for ?2-adrenergic receptors) psychoactive drug used as a sympatholytic or antihypertensive.
Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant drug produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics, a division of Johnson & Johnson. It is used to treat epilepsy in both children and adults. In children it is also indicated for treatment of Len
Antitubercular agent similar in action and side effects to ETHIONAMIDE. It is used mostly in combination with other agents.
5-Aminolevulinic acid HCl is an intermediate in heme biosynthesis in the body and the universal precursor of tetrapyrroles.
Ketoprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties.
A local anesthetic that is similar pharmacologically to LIDOCAINE. Currently, it is used most often for infiltration anesthesia in dentistry.
Rifapentine is an antibiotic drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible cells. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enz
A vasodilator used in angina of effort or ischemic heart disease.
rimetazidine is described as the first cytoprotective anti-ischemic agent developed and marketed by Laboratoires Servier (France). Trimetazidine is an anti-ischemic (anti-an
Bupivacaine HCl binds to the intracellular portion of voltage-gated sodium channels and blocks sodium influx into nerve cells, used for treating cardiac arrhythmias. Bupivacaine Hydrochloride is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the ami
An optical isomer of quinine, extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree and similar plant species. This alkaloid dampens the excitability of cardiac and skeletal muscles by blocking sodium and potassium currents across cellular membranes
Carbazochrome sodium sulfonate (AC-17) is an antihemorrhagic for use in the treatment of hemorrhoids
4-aminosalicylic acid, commonly known as PAS, is an antibiotic used to treat tuberculosis.
Lacidipine (Lacipil, Motens) is a L-type calcium channel blocker.Lacidipine, a novel third-generation dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker, has been demonstrated effective for hypertension. lacidipine protects HKCs against apoptosis indu
Strontium Ranelate is a bone metabolism modulator that inhibits bone resorption while maintaining bone formation. Commonly used as an antiosteoporotic.
Tizanidine hydrochloride is an ?2-adrenergic receptor agonist and inhibits neurotransmitter release from CNS noradrenergic neurons.
Etidronate (Didronel) is a human protein tyrosine phosphatase inhibitor.
A non-ionic, water-soluble contrast agent which is used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiological procedures.
Levetiracetam is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. Levetiracetam may selectively prevent hypersynchronization of epileptiform burst firing and propagation of seizure activity. Levetiracetam binds to the synaptic vesicle p
Ropivacaine is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. The name ropivacaine refers to both the racemate and the marketed S-enantiomer. Ropivacaine hydrochloride is commonly marketed by AstraZeneca under the trade name N
Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estra
Nefopam HCl is a centrally-acting but non-opioid analgesic drug by blocking voltage-gated sodium channel and inhibition of serotonin, dopamine and noradrenaline reuptake.
A local anesthetic of the ester type that has a slow onset and a short duration of action. It is mainly used for infiltration anesthesia, peripheral nerve block, and spinal block.
Pyrazinamide (Pyrazinoic acid amide) is an agent used to treat tuberculosis. M. tuberculosis has the enzyme pyrazinamidase which is only active in acidic conditions. Pyrazinamidase converts pyrazinamide (Pyrazinoic acid amide) to the active
Triflusal is a platelet aggregation inhibitor that was discovered and developed in the Uriach Laboratories, and commercialised in Spain since 1981. Currently, it is available in 25 countries in Europe, Asia, Africa and America. It is a drug
A broad-spectrum 6-fluoronaphthyridinone antibacterial agent that is structurally related to NALIDIXIC ACID.
Sulfa drugs, used in the treatment of avian coccidiosis
Metoclopramide HCl is a selective dopamine D2 receptor antagonist, used for the treatment of nausea and vomiting.
Chlorpromazine HCl is a dopamine and potassium channel inhibitor used as the prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug.
Azacyclonol, also known as ?-pipradol, is a drug used to diminish hallucinations in psychotic individuals.
Meclofenoxate hydrochloride, an ester of dimethylethanolamine (DMAE) and 4-chlorophenoxyacetic acid (pCPA), has been shown to improve memory, have a mentally stimulating effect, and improve general cognition.
Clindamycin Phosphate is a lincosamide antibiotic for Plasmodium falciparum
Ambroxol is indicated as ""secretolytic therapy in bronchopulmonary diseases associated with abnormal mucus secretion and impaired mucus transport. It promotes mucus clearance, facilitates expectoration and eases productive cough, allowing
One of the catecholamine NEUROTRANSMITTERS in the brain. Dopamine hydrochloride is derived from TYROSINE and is the precursor to NOREPINEPHRINE and EPINEPHRINE. Dopamine is a major transmitter in the extrapyramidal system of the brain, and
Ampicillin Trihydrate is a ?-lactam antibiotic, which inhibits bacterial cell-wall synthesis (peptidoglycan cross-linking) by inactivating transpeptidases on the inner surface of the bacterial cell membrane
Cefpiramide is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic.
Mebeverine is a drug whose major therapeutic role is in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and the associated abdominal cramping. It works by relaxing the muscles in and around the gut. It is a musculotropic antispasmodic drug
One of the long-acting synthetic ANTIDIARRHEALS; it is not significantly absorbed from the gut, and has no effect on the adrenergic system or central nervous system, but may antagonize histamine and interfere with acetylcholine release loca
Alverine citrate is a drug used for functional gastrointestinal disorders.
Mepenzolate is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It decreases gastric acid and pepsin secretion and suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Mepenzolate diminishes gastric acid and pepsin secretion. Mepenzolate also supp
Proglumide (Milid) is a drug that inhibits gastrointestinal motility and reduces gastric secretions. It acts as a cholecystokinin antagonist, which blocks both the CCKA and CCKB subtypes. It was used mainly in the treatment of stomach ulcer
Doxylamine succinate competitively inhibits histamine at H1 receptors with substantial sedative and anticholinergic effects.
Rofecoxib is used for the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain in adults, and primary dysmenorrhea, as well as acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without auras. Rofecoxib is a solid. This compound belongs t
THIOOCTIC ACID, a natural product, is reported to have antioxidative property.
A dihydropyridine calcium channel antagonist that acts as a potent arterial vasodilator and antihypertensive agent. It is also effective in patients with cardiac failure and angina.
Actions Carnitine is a quaternary amine that occurs naturally in most mammalian tissue. It is present in relatively high concentrations in skeletal muscle and heart where it is involved in regulating energy metabolism. It shifts glucose met
Chloroquine diphosphate is used as an antimalarial drug and also functions to increase sensitivity of tumor cells to radiation and chemotherapy via inducing autophagy [1]. Chloroquine diphosphate has been reported as an adjuvant for radiati
Leucovorin is a derivative of folic acid, which can be used to increase levels of folic acid under conditions favoring folic acid inhibition.
Artesunate is a part of the artemisinin group of agents with an IC50 of < 5 ?M for small cell lung carcinoma cell line H69. Artesunate is a semi-synthetic derivative of artemisinin that is water-soluble and may therefore be given by injecti
Thimerosal is an organomercurial compound and derivative of thiosalicyclic acid with antibacterial and antifungal properties. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, thimerosal inhibits sulfhydryl-containing active s
Tolfenamic acid (TA) is one of the class of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs).Tolfenamic acid is a NSAID. Tolfenamic acid treatment inhibited cell growth and induced apoptosis as measured by caspase activity and bioelectric imp
Zonisamide is a sulfonamide anticonvulsant approved for use as an adjunctive therapy in adults with partial-onset seizures. Zonisamide may be a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor although this is not one of the primary mechanisms of action. Zonis
It is used as a stimulant-laxative, treating constipation by inducing bowel movements.[2] The compound is present in what is commonly referred to as the aloe latex that exudes from cells adjacent to the vascular bundles, found under the rin
A coccidiostat for poultry.
Venlafaxine is an arylalkanolamine serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI), used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), generalised anxiety disorder (GAD), panic disorder and social phobia.
Norfloxacin(Norxacin) is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that is active against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It functions by inhibiting DNA gyrase, a type II topoisomerase, and topoisomerase IV, enzymes necessary to separate b
Amlodipine is a long-acting calcium channel blocker. Amlodipine is a dihydropyridine calcium antagonist (calcium ion antagonist or slow-channel blocker) that inhibits the movement of calcium ions into vascular smooth muscle cells and cardia
Procaine is a local anesthetic drug of the amino ester group, which acts through multiple targets
A synthetic nondepolarizing blocking drug. The actions of gallamine triethiodide are similar to those of TUBOCURARINE, but this agent blocks the cardiac vagus and may cause sinus tachycardia and, occasionally, hypertension and increased car
An essential amino acid that is necessary for normal growth in infants and for NITROGEN balance in adults. It is a precursor of INDOLE ALKALOIDS in plants. It is a precursor of SEROTONIN (hence its use as an antidepressant and sleep aid). I
Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (a prodrug of tenofovir), marketed by Gilead Sciences under the trade name Viread?, belongs to a class of antiretroviral drugs known as nucleotide analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitors (nRTIs), which block
Sulfalene is a long-acting sulfonamide antibiotic used for the treatment of chronic bronchitis, urinary tract infections and malaria.
An acridine derivative formerly widely used as an antimalarial but superseded by chloroquine in recent years. It has also been used as an anthelmintic and in the treatment of giardiasis and malignant effusions. It is used in cell biological
Methyl 4-acetamido-2-ethoxybenzoate is an inhibitor of folate metabolism. It is used as a coccidiostat in poultry.
Iopanoic acid is an iodine-containing radiocontrast medium used in cholecystography.
An antilipemic fungal metabolite isolated from cultures of Nocardia autotrophica. It acts as a competitive inhibitor of HMG CoA reductase (HYDROXYMETHYLGLUTARYL COA REDUCTASES).
An anticoagulant that acts by inhibiting the synthesis of vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors. Warfarin is indicated for the prophylaxis and/or treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, pulmonary embolism, and atrial fibrillatio
Tolbutamide is an inhibitor of potassium channel, used for type II diabetes.
A local anesthetic and cardiac depressant used as an antiarrhythmia agent. Its actions are more intense and its effects more prolonged than those of procaine but its duration of action is shorter than that of bupivacaine or prilocaine.
A synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA GYRASE.
Hesperidin is a flavanone glycoside found abundantly in citrus fruits.
Tryptamine is a monoamine alkaloid found in plants, fungi, and animals. It contains an indole ring structure, and is structurally similar to the amino acid tryptophan, from which it derives its name. Tryptamine is found in trace amounts in
Luteolin is a flavone, a type of flavonoid. Like all flavonoids, it has a yellow crystalline appearance.
Sildenfail is a vasoactive agent used to treat erectile dysfunction and reduce symptoms in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Sildenafil elevates levels of the second messenger, cGMP, by inhibiting its breakdown via phosph
Propranolol Hydrochloride is a widely used non-cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist.
Nafcillin sodium salt monohydrate is a semi-synthetic antibiotic related to penicillin.
Nystatin, which belongs to the polyene group of antimycotics, is frequently used as a topical agent in the treatment of oro-pharyngeal candidosis.
A naturally occurring opium alkaloid that is a centrally acting antitussive agent.
A beta-adrenergic agonist that causes direct relaxation of uterine and vascular smooth muscle. Its vasodilating actions are greater on the arteries supplying skeletal muscle than on those supplying skin. It is used in the treatment of perip
Carvedilol is a non-selective beta blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to moderate congestive heart failure (CHF). It blocks beta-1 and beta-2 adrenergic receptors as well as the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors.
Flunarizine is a selective calcium entry blocker with calmodulin binding properties and histamine H1 blocking activity. It is effective in the prophylaxis of migraine, occlusive peripheral vascular disease, vertigo of central and peripheral
Has been used in combination with antacids for ulcer pain.
Brompheniramine hydrogen maleate is a histamine H1 receptors antagonist.
An antibiotic produced by Streptomyces spectabilis. It is active against gram-negative bacteria and used for the treatment of gonorrhea.
Epalrestat is an aldose reductase inhibitor. Long-term treatment with epalrestat is well tolerated and can effectively delay the progression of diabetic neuropathy and ameliorate the associated symptoms of the disease, particularly in subje
Tricyclic antidepressant similar to IMIPRAMINE, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties.
A drug that has been used in various urinary syndromes and as an antispasmodic. Its therapeutic usefulness and its mechanism of action are not clear. It may have local anesthetic activity and direct relaxing effects on smooth muscle as well
One of the selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM) with tissue-specific activities for the treatment and prevention of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer. Tamoxifen acts as an anti-estrogen (inhibiting agent) in the mammary tiss
Benfluorex is an anorectic and hypolipidemic agent that is structurally related to fenfluramine. It was patented and manufactured by a French pharmaceutical company Servier. On 18 December 2009, the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) recommen
Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic developed in 1994. Cefepime has an extended spectrum of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive o
Quinapril hydrochloride (Accupril) used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. Quinapril is a prodrug. Quinapril is converted to its active metabolite, quinaprilat, in the liver. Quinapril inhibits angiotensin conver
A potentially neurotoxic 8-hydroxyquinoline derivative long used as a topical anti-infective, intestinal antiamebic, and vaginal trichomonacide. The oral preparation has been shown to cause subacute myelo-optic neuropathy and has been banne
A local anesthetic and cardiac depressant used as an antiarrhythmia agent. Its actions are more intense and its effects more prolonged than those of PROCAINE but its duration of action is shorter than that of BUPIVACAINE or PRILOCAINE.
An analgesic and anti-inflammatory agent used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
Magnolol is isomeric to honokiol (sc-202653). Magnolol is an anxiolytic,anti-thrombotic and antibacterial. . Inhibitor of nitric oxide (NO) and TNF-? production in LPS-activated macrophages by the suppression of inducible nitric oxide synth
Honokiol is the active principle of magnolia extract that inhibits Akt-phosphorylation and promotes ERK1/2 phosphorylation.
Piperine (1-Piperoylpiperidine) is the alkaloid responsible for the pungency of black pepper and long pepper, which has also been used in some forms of traditional medicine and as an insecticide.
Puerarin (Kakonein), an isoflavones found in the root of Radix puerariae, is a 5-HT2C receptor and benzodiazepine site antagonist.
Sympathetic alpha-adrenergic agonist with actions like PHENYLEPHRINE. It is used as a vasoconstrictor in circulatory failure, asthma, nasal congestion, and glaucoma.
Extracted from shark bone;Store the product in sealed, cool and dry condition
Extracted from Grape seed,pine bark coast of France; Suitability:Water,most organic solvents;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Enoxolone (INN, BAN; also known as glycyrrhetinic acid) is a pentacyclic triterpenoid derivative of the beta-amyrin type obtained from the hydrolysis of glycyrrhizic acid, which was obtained from the herb liquorice. It is used in flavoring
Eucalyptol is a natural organic compound which is a colorless liquid. It is a cyclic ether and a monoterpenoid. Eucalyptol is an ingredient in many brands of mouthwash and cough suppressant. It controls airway mucus hypersecretion and asthm
Description: IC50 Value: observed at 72 hr were as follows: 66.9 uM, Hep3B cells; 74.36 uM, HepG2 cells; and 101.5 uM, Huh7 cells
: Actions Hydroxycinnamic acid found in many fruits and vegetables. Other Notes :Predominantly trans isomer. Packaging: 1,5,10,25 g in poly bottle
A calcium channel blockader with preferential cerebrovascular activity. It has marked cerebrovascular dilating effects and lowers blood pressure.
Atomoxetine is the first non-stimulant drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is sold in the form of the hydrochloride salt of atomoxetine. This chemical is manufactured and marketed under the
Glyburide is an antidiabetic sulfonylurea derivative with actions similar to those of chlorpropamide.
Nifuroxazide is a cell-permeable and orally available nitrofuran-based antidiarrheal agent that effectively suppresses the activation of cellular STAT1/3/5 transcription activity .
Pizotifen(Pizotyline) is a highly selective 5-HT receptor blocking agent, which is a benzocycloheptane based drug.
Methyl analog of DEXTRORPHAN that shows high affinity binding to several regions of the brain, including the medullary cough center. This compound is an NMDA receptor antagonist (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE) and acts as a non-competitiv
Nifedipine(Adalat), a potent vasodilator agent with calcium antagonistic action.
Lithium Citrate is the active component of Lithium which is a drug used in treatment of psychiatric disease. Lithium Citrate has shown the effects on metabolic and signaling pathways in the brain based on the specific clinical condition and
A potent and specific inhibitor of PEPTIDYL-DIPEPTIDASE A. It blocks the conversion of ANGIOTENSIN I to ANGIOTENSIN II, a vasoconstrictor and important regulator of arterial blood pressure. Captopril acts to suppress the RENIN-ANGIOTENSIN S
Secnidazole (trade names Flagentyl, Sindose, Secnil) is a nitroimidazole anti-infective. Effectiveness in the treatment of dientamoebiasis has been reported. Secnidazole is structurally related to the commonly used 5-nitroimidazoles metroni
Polyphenolic compounds with molecular weights of around 500-3000 daltons and containing enough hydroxyl groups (1-2 per 100 MW) for effective cross linking of other compounds (ASTRINGENTS). The two main types are HYDROLYZABLE TANNINS and CO
A broad-spectrum antimicrobial carboxyfluoroquinoline.
An antiarrhythmia agent that is particularly effective in ventricular arrhythmias. It also has weak beta-blocking activity.
Estradiol cypionate is the 17 ?-cyclopentylpropinate ester of estradiol, which inhibits ET-1 synthesis via estrogen receptor.
Racecadotril, also known as acetorphan, is an antidiarrheal drug which acts as a peripherally acting enkephalinase inhibitor.
Dapoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, for the treatment of premature ejaculation.
Furosemide is a loop diuretic inhibitor of Na+/2Cl-/K+ (NKCC) cotransporter. Furosemide acts as a non-competitive antagonist at GABAA receptors with ~ 100-fold greater selectivity for ?6-containing receptors than ?1-containing receptors.
A histamine H1 antagonist used as an antiemetic, antitussive, for dermatoses and pruritus, for hypersensitivity reactions, as a hypnotic, an antiparkinson, and as an ingredient in common cold preparations. It has some undesired antimuscarin
Rosiglitazone is an anti-diabetic drug in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs. It is marketed by the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline as a stand-alone drug (Avandia) and in combination with metformin (Avandamet) or with glimepiride (
A macrolide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces ambofaciens. The drug is effective against gram-positive aerobic pathogens, N. gonorrhoeae, and staphylococci. It is used to treat infections caused by bacteria and Toxoplasma gondii.
A salicylamide derivative that is a non-cardioselective blocker of BETA-ADRENERGIC RECEPTORS and ALPHA-1 ADRENERGIC RECEPTORS.
Veterinary coccidiostat that interferes with thiamine metabolism. It may cause thiamine deficiency.
An alkaloid found in opium but not closely related to the other opium alkaloids in its structure or pharmacological actions. It is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used in the treatment of impotence and as a vasodilator, especially fo
Chlorpheniramine (Chlorpheniramine maleate, Chlorphenamine) is an histamine H1 receptor antagonist .
An alkaloid from Hydrastis canadensis L., Berberidaceae. It is also found in many other plants. It is relatively toxic parenterally, but has been used orally for various parasitic and fungal infections and as antidiarrheal.
A dihydropyridine calcium antagonist with positive inotropic effects. It lowers blood pressure by reducing peripheral vascular resistance through a highly selective action on smooth muscle in arteriolar resistance vessels.
It is often used in combination with pyrimethamine to treat or prevent malaria. Both drugs are antifolates; they inhibit the production of enzymes involved in the synthesis of folic acid within the parasites. Either drug by itself is only m
Iodixanol is a nonionic hydrophilic compound commonly used as a contrast agent during coronary angiography, particularly in individuals with renal dysfunction, as it is believed to be less toxic to the kidneys than most other intravascular
Flavin mononucleotide (FMN), or riboflavin-5?-phosphate, is a biomolecule produced from riboflavin (vitamin B2) by the enzyme riboflavin kinase and functions as prosthetic group of various oxidoreductases including NADH dehydrogenase as wel
Dantron (INN), also known as chrysazin or 1,8-dihydroxyanthraquinone, is used in some countries as a stimulant laxative. Withdrawn from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1998 due to genotoxicity.
A bile acid, usually conjugated with either glycine or taurine. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for intestinal absorption and is reabsorbed by the small intestine. It is used as cholagogue, a choleretic laxative, and to prevent or
Rutin, a flavonol glycoside found in many plants including buckwheat; tobacco; forsythia; hydrangea; viola, etc., which possesses healthy effects for human.
Simvastatin is an HMGCR (HMG-CoA reductase) inhibitor with anti-proliferative properties. This compound has been shown to modulate purified bovine pituitary 20 S proteasome via mild stimulation of chymotrypsin-like activity and inhibition o
A methyl xanthine derivative from tea with diuretic, smooth muscle relaxant, bronchial dilation, cardiac and central nervous system stimulant activities. Theophylline inhibits the 3',5'-CYCLIC NUCLEOTIDE PHOSPHODIESTERASE that degrades CYCL
Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous a
A water-soluble radiographic contrast media for cholecystography and intravenous cholangiography.
A potent androgenic steroid and major product secreted by the LEYDIG CELLS of the TESTIS. Its production is stimulated by LUTEINIZING HORMONE from the PITUITARY GLAND. In turn, testosterone exerts feedback control of the pituitary LH and FS
Rifaximin(Xifaxan), an orally administered, semi-synthetic, nonsystemic antibiotic derived from rifamycin SV with antibacterial activity. Rifaximin binds to the beta-subunit of bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, inhibiting bacterial RN
Adenosine is a nucleoside composed of a molecule of adenine attached to a ribose sugar molecule (ribofuranose) moiety via a ?-N9-glycosidic bond.
A family of phylloquinones that contains a ring of 2-methyl-1,4-naphthoquinone and an isoprenoid side chain. Members of this group of vitamin K 1 have only one double bond on the proximal isoprene unit. Rich sources of vitamin K 1 include g
The naturally occurring form of DIHYDROXYPHENYLALANINE and the immediate precursor of DOPAMINE. Unlike dopamine itself, it can be taken orally and crosses the blood-brain barrier. It is rapidly taken up by dopaminergic neurons and converted
A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo.
Bisoctrizole is a benzotriazole-based organic compound that is added to sunscreens to absorb UV rays.
A purine nucleoside that has hypoxanthine linked by the N9 nitrogen to the C1 carbon of ribose. It is an intermediate in the degradation of purines and purine nucleosides to uric acid and in pathways of purine salvage. It also occurs in the
Salicin is a phenol ?-glycosid produced from willow bark that shows anti-inflammatory effects.
A tetraiodofluorescein used as a red coloring in some foods (cherries, fish), as a disclosure of DENTAL PLAQUE, and as a stain of some cell types. It has structural similarity to THYROXINE.
Semisynthetic derivative of erythromycin. It is concentrated by human phagocytes and is bioactive intracellularly. While the drug is active against a wide spectrum of pathogens, it is particularly effective in the treatment of respiratory a
An effective non-ionic, water-soluble contrast agent which is used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures. Its low systemic toxicity is the combined result of low chemotoxicity and
An epimer of chenodeoxycholic acid. It is a mammalian bile acid found first in the bear and is apparently either a precursor or a product of chenodeoxycholate. Its administration changes the composition of bile and may dissolve gallstones.
17-Hydroxyprogesterone (17-OHP) is an endogenous progestogen as well as chemical intermediate in the biosynthesis of other steroid hormones, including the corticosteroids and the androgens and the estrogens.
An oral sulfonylurea hypoglycemic agent which stimulates insulin secretion.
Cephradine anhydrous is a Cephalosporin Antibacterial. The chemical classification of cephradine anhydrous is Cephalosporins.
A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent that is less effective than equal doses of ASPIRIN in relieving pain and reducing fever. However, individuals who are hypersensitive to ASPIRIN may tolerate sodium salicylate. In general, this salicyl
Pregabalin is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain, as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures, and in generalized anxiety disorder. It was designed as a more potent successor to gabapentin. Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer unde
Amisulpride (trade name Solian) is an antipsychotic drug sold by Sanofi-Aventis. It is not approved for use in the United States, but is approved for use in Europe and Australia for the treatment of psychoses and schizophrenia. Additionally
Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, used to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. It is also used to prevent urinary tract infections prior to surgery.
An antilipemic agent that lowers CHOLESTEROL and TRIGLYCERIDES. It decreases LOW DENSITY LIPOPROTEINS and increases HIGH DENSITY LIPOPROTEINS.
Hydroxychloroquine Sulfate is an antimalarial agent used for the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis and other autoimmune, inflammatory and dermatologic conditions. Also acts as an inhibitor of autophagy and toll
Haloperidol has been found to be highlt potent neuroleptic by relieving nervous through the depression of nerve function. Besides, Haloperidol has shown about 50-fold potency than chiorpromazine, the other antipsychotic drug. Haloperidol ha
A polyhydric alcohol with about half the sweetness of sucrose. Sorbitol occurs naturally and is also produced synthetically from glucose. It was formerly used as a diuretic and may still be used as a laxative and in irrigating solutions for
Mestranol is the 3-methyl ether of ethinylestradiol. It was the estrogen used in many of the first oral contraceptives. It is a biologically inactive prodrug of ethinylestradiol to which it is demethylated in the liver with a conversion eff
Griseofulvin, a production from some strains of the mold Penicillium griseofulvumam, is able to inhibit cell mitosis by interfering with microtubule function.
Proflavine Hemisulfate is a topical antiseptic by interchelating DNA, thereby disrupting DNA synthesis and leading to high levels of mutation in the copied DNA strands.
Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial derived from CEPHALORIDINE and used especially for Pseudomonas and other gram-negative infections in debilitated patients.
Avermectin B1 (Abamectin) is a widely used insecticide and anthelmintic.
A benzimidazole that acts by interfering with carbohydrate metabolism and inhibiting polymerization of microtubules.
A narcotic antagonist with analgesic properties. It is used for the control of moderate to severe pain.
It is an organic compounds with molecular fomular C7H7KO5S.
Diflunisal, a salicylate derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with pharmacologic actions similar to other prototypical NSAIAs. Diflunisal possesses anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Though its m
A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism.
Gemfibrozil (Lopid) is an oral drug used to lower lipid levels. It belongs to a group of drugs known as fibrates. Increases activity of Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha (PPAR?) 'transcription factor ligand' , a receptor that
Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that acts as a toll-like receptor 7 agonist. Imiquimod is commonly used topically to treat warts on the skin of the genital and anal areas. Imiquimod does not cure warts, and new warts may appear dur
Miglitol is an oral anti-diabetic drug that acts by inhibiting the ability of the patient to breakdown complex carbohydrates into glucose. It is primarily used in diabetes mellitus type 2 for establishing greater glycemic control by prevent
Developed by Schering-Plough after its merger with Organon International, asenapine is a sublingually administered, atypical antipsychotic for treatment of schizophrenia and acute mania associated with bipolar disorder. Asenapine also belon
A non-essential amino acid present abundantly throughout the body and is involved in many metabolic processes. It is synthesized from glutamic acid and ammonia. It is the principal carrier of nitrogen in the body and is an important energy
Adiphenine HCl is a nicotinic receptor inhibitor, used as an antispasmodic drug.
Tioconazole is an antifungal medication of the Imidazole class used to treat infections caused by a fungus or yeast. Tioconazole topical (skin) preparations are also available for ringworm, jock itch, athlete's foot, and tinea versicolor or
Amorolfine Hydrochloride is an antifungal reagent. It exerts the antifungal activity by selectively blocking two steps in the pathway of ergosterol synthesis, and eventually damaging the structure and function of fungal cell membrane. Amoro
Undecylenic acid is an organic unsaturated fatty acid pyrolysis product of ricinoleic acid from castor oil.  It is used in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and perfumery, including antidandruff shampoos, antimicrobial powders a
A phenothiazine that has been used as a hemostatic, a biological stain, and a dye for wool and silk. Tolonium chloride has also been used as a diagnostic aid for oral and gastric neoplasms and in the identification of the parathyroid gland
A substituted dihydroxybenzene used topically as an antiseptic for the treatment of minor skin infections.
A bactericidal and fungicidal antiseptic. It is used as a 0.1% mouthwash for local infections and oral hygiene. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p797)
Moxifloxacin is a fourth-generation synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent.
Red dye, pH indicator, and diagnostic aid for determination of renal function. It is used also for studies of the gastrointestinal and other systems.
A 4-aminoquinoline compound with anti-inflammatory properties.
Bactericidal cationic quaternary ammonium surfactant used as a topical anti-infective agent. It is an ingredient in medicaments, deodorants, mouthwashes, etc., and is used to disinfect apparatus, etc., in the food processing and pharmaceuti
Idebenone is a synthetic analog of coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) and a brain stimulant.
A uricosuric drug that is used to reduce the serum urate levels in gout therapy. It lacks anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and diuretic properties.
6-Acetamidohexanoic acid is a kind of amino acids deriviate.
Carvedilol is a non-selective beta blocker/alpha-1 blocker with an IC50 of 3.8 ?M for inhibition of LDL oxidation.
The first highly specific serotonin uptake inhibitor. It is used as an antidepressant and often has a more acceptable side-effects profile than traditional antidepressants.
A tricylic dibenzodiazepine, classified as an atypical antipsychotic agent. It binds several types of central nervous system receptors, and displays a unique pharmacological profile. Clozapine is a serotonin antagonist, with strong binding
Indomethacin is a non-steroidal antiinflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antiinflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Its pharmacological effect is thought to be mediated through inhibition of the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX), the enzyme
Sulindac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) of the arylalkanoic acid class that is marketed in the U.S. by Merck as Clinoril. Like other NSAIAs, it may be used in the treatment of acute or chronic inflammatory conditions. Sul
Pramoxine is a topical local anesthetic that has been shown to have antipruritic properties.
Pentoxyverine Citrate is an antitussive (cough suppressant) commonly used for cough associated with illnesses like common cold.
Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients
A broad-spectrum 6-fluoronaphthyridinone antibacterial agent that is structurally related to NALIDIXIC ACID.
A benzyl-indazole having analgesic, antipyretic, and anti-inflammatory effects. It is used to reduce post-surgical and post-traumatic pain and edema and to promote healing. It is also used topically in treatment of RHEUMATIC DISEASES and IN
Febuxostat is a Xanthine Oxidase Inhibitor. The mechanism of action of febuxostat is as a Xanthine Oxidase Inhibitor.
Butylated hydroxyanisole (BHA) is an antioxidant consisting of a mixture of two isomeric organic compounds, 2-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyanisole and 3-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyanisole.
A synthetic disaccharide used in the treatment of constipation and hepatic encephalopathy. It has also been used in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal disorders.
An oral anticoagulant that interferes with the metabolism of vitamin K. It is also used in biochemical experiments as an inhibitor of reductases.
Cyromazine is a triazine insect growth regulator used as an insecticide and an acaricide.
An aminoquinoline that is given by mouth to produce a radical cure and prevent relapse of vivax and ovale malarias following treatment with a blood schizontocide. It has also been used to prevent transmission of falciparum malaria by those
Ranitidine is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits stomach acid production.Ranitidine (Zantac) is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist with IC50 of 3.3 ? 1.4 uM. It inhibits stomach acid production. It is also used alongside fexof
orepinephrine is the principal transmitter of most postganglionic sympathetic fibers and of the diffuse projection system in the brain arising from the locus ceruleus. It is also found in plants and is used pharmacologically as a sympathomi
A semisynthetic cephalosporin analog with broad-spectrum antibiotic action due to inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis. It attains high serum levels and is excreted quickly via the urine.
Cloxacillin sodium (Cloxacap) is a sodium salt of cloxacillin that is a penicillinase-resistant, acid resistant, semi-synthetic penicillin. Cloxacillin sodium exerts a bactericidal action against susceptible microorganisms during the stage
An alpha-adrenergic antagonist with long duration of action. It has been used to treat hypertension and as a peripheral vasodilator.
Tetracaine hydrochloride (Pontocaine) is a hydrochloride salt form of tetracaine which is a potent local anaesthetic and a channel function allosteric inhibitor. Tetracaine hydrochloride (Pontocaine) is used to block temporarily the pain ""
Levosulpiride is a selective antagonist for D2 dopamine receptors used as an antipsychotic and prokinetic agent.
An antibiotic first isolated from cultures of Streptomyces venequelae in 1947 but now produced synthetically. It has a relatively simple structure and was the first broad-spectrum antibiotic to be discovered. It acts by interfering with bac
Propylthiouracil is a Thyroid Hormone Synthesis Inhibitor. A thiourea antithyroid agent. Propythiouracil inhibits the synthesis of thyroxine and inhibits the peripheral conversion of throxine to tri-iodothyronine. It is used in the treatmen
Triazole antifungal agent that is used to treat oropharyngeal candidiasis and cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS.
Sucralose is an artificial and noncaloric sweetener, not broken down by the body, so it is noncaloric.
Prodrug of 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU). Selectively activated in tumor cells by thymidine phosphorylase; inhibits DNA synthesis upon conversion to 5-FU. Orally available.
Torasemide (rINN) or torsemide (USAN) is a pyridine-sulfonylurea type loop diuretic mainly used in the management of edema associated with congestive heart failure. It is also used at low doses for the management of hypertension. It is mark
Terbinafine hydrochloride is a synthetic allylamine antifungal, which is highly active against dermatophytes, mold, other basic fungi, and some strains of yeast.
Loxapine Succinate is a D2DR and D4DR inhibitor, serotonergic receptor antagonist and also a dibenzoxazepine anti-psychotic agent.
Mesna(Uromitexan, Mesnex), a sulfhydryl compound that is used to reduce the incidence of hemorrhagic cystitis associated with certain chemotherapeutic agents. Mesna is converted to a free thiol compound in the kidney, where it binds to and
Betamipron is a chemical compound which is used together with panipenem to inhibit panipenem uptake into the renal tubule and prevent nephrotoxicity.
Phenylbutazone(Butazolidin, Butatron) is used as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of chronic pain, including the symptoms of arthritis. Its use is limited by such severe side effects as suppression of white blood ce
4-Aminohippuric acid is a typical substrate of organic anion transport systems.
Ethacridine lactate monohydrate is an aromatic organic compound based on acridine used as an antiseptic agent.
Bambuterol is a long acting beta-adrenoceptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma. It is a prodrug of terbutaline.
Levofloxacin is a Quinolone Antimicrobial. The chemical classification of levofloxacin is Quinolones.
A muscarinic antagonist used as an antispasmodic and in urinary incontinence. It has little effect on glandular secretion or the cardiovascular system. It does have some local anesthetic properties and is used in gastrointestinal, biliary,
A dibenzoxepin tricyclic compound. It displays a range of pharmacological actions including maintaining adrenergic innervation. Its mechanism of action is not fully understood, but it appears to block reuptake of monoaminergic neurotransmit
A methylsulfonyl analog of CHLORAMPHENICOL. It is an antibiotic and immunosuppressive agent.
A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAID) with antipyretic and analgesic actions. It is primarily available as the sodium salt.
Adenine is a purine derivative and a nucleobase with a variety of roles in biochemistry. Adenine is a purine derivative and a nucleobase with a variety of roles in biochemistry including cellular respiration, in the form of both the energy-
Cholecalciferol is a naturally occuring form of vitamin D. Reported that upon metabolic activation, Cholecalciferol induces cell differentiation and prevents proliferation of cancer cells.
Pranlukast is a cysteinyl leukotriene receptor-1 antagonist. It antagonizes or reduces bronchospasm caused, principally in asthmatics, by an allergic reaction to accidentally or inadvertently encountered allergens.
An antiepileptic agent related to the barbiturates; it is partly metabolized to PHENOBARBITAL in the body and owes some of its actions to this metabolite. Adverse effects are reported to be more frequent than with PHENOBARBITAL.
Stable, but may be light sensitive. Incompatible with strong oxidizing agents
A METHYLXANTHINE derivative that inhibits phosphodiesterase and affects blood rheology. It improves blood flow by increasing erythrocyte and leukocyte flexibility. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. Pentoxifylline modulates immunologic
Thioproline, used as antioxidants.
Meticrane (INN) is a diuretic.
Tyloxapol is a non-ionic detergent often used as a surfactant.
Benzalkonium chloride is a cationic surface-acting agent belonging to the quaternary ammonium group. It has three main categories of use: as a biocide, a cationic surfactant, and phase transfer agent in the chemical industry. The chemical i
A highly polar organic liquid, that is used widely as a chemical solvent. Because of its ability to penetrate biological membranes, it is used as a vehicle for topical application of pharmaceuticals. It is also used to protect tissue during
Crotamiton is a scabicidal and antipruritic agent available as a cream or lotion for topical use only. It is a colorless to slightly yellowish oil, having a faint amine-like odor. It is miscible with alcohol and with methanol.
Oxcarbazepine is structurally a derivative of carbamazepine, adding an extra oxygen atom to the benzylcarboxamide group. This difference helps reduce the impact on the liver of metabolizing the drug, and also prevents the serious forms of a
Naphazoline HCl is an ocular vasoconstrictor and imidazoline derivative sympathomimetic amine.
S(+)-Ibuprofen is capable of inhibiting cyclooxygenase (COX) at clinically relevant concentrations, R(-)-ibuprofen is not a COX inhibitor.
Dropropizine is a racemic non-opiate antitussive agent, it is used as a cough suppressant.
Phenylephrine HCl is a selective ?1-adrenergic receptor agonist.
Cinchophen is an analgesic drug that is frequently used to treat gout.
The prototypical uricosuric agent. It inhibits the renal excretion of organic anions and reduces tubular reabsorption of urate. Probenecid has also been used to treat patients with renal impairment, and, because it reduces the renal tubular
Loxoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug.
A semisynthetic antibiotic produced from Streptomyces mediterranei. It has a broad antibacterial spectrum, including activity against several forms of Mycobacterium. In susceptible organisms it inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity
An anticonvulsant especially useful in the treatment of absence seizures unaccompanied by other types of seizures.
A cholinesterase inhibitor with a slightly longer duration of action than NEOSTIGMINE. It is used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the actions of muscle relaxants.
One of the CARBONIC ANHYDRASE INHIBITORS that is sometimes effective against absence seizures. It is sometimes useful also as an adjunct in the treatment of tonic-clonic, myoclonic, and atonic seizures, particularly in women whose seizures
Lipoamide is a trivial name for 6,8-dithiooctanoic amide. It is 6,8-dithiooctanoic acid's functional form where the carboxyl group is attached to protein (or any other amine) by an amide linkage (containing -NH2). Sometimes lipoamide is use
Ketoprofen is a non-selective NSAID with IC50 of 0.5 ?M and 2.33 ?M for human recombinant COX-1 and COX-2, respectively.
Methimazole is an antithyroid medicine.
Triamterene is a Potassium-sparing Diuretic. The physiologic effect of triamterene is by means of Decreased Renal K+ Excretion and Increased Diuresis.
Sulfamethoxypyridazine is a long-acting sulfonamide for treatment of Dermatitis herpetiformis.
Pyrimethamine is a dihydrofolate reductase(DHFR) inhibitor with an IC50 of 15.4 nM. It is a medication used for protozoal infections. It is commonly used as an antimalarial drug (for both treatment and prevention of malaria), and is also us
An organochlorine insecticide that has been used as a pediculicide and a scabicide. Lindane has been banned in California, United Kingdom, Australia, and many western countries due to concerns about neurotoxicity and adverse effects on the
Flufenamic Acid is an anti-inflammatory agent, and also acts as an ion channel modulator.
Bufexamac is a COX inhibitor for IFN-? release.
Adrenalone is an adrenergic agonist used as a topical vasoconstrictor and hemostatic, mainly acts on alpha-1 adrenergic receptors.
Isoniazid is a prodrug and must be activated by bacterial catalase. Specficially, activation is associated with reduction of the mycobacterial ferric KatG catalase-peroxidase by hydrazine and reaction with oxygen to form an oxyferrous enzym
An anthelmintic drug belonging to the benzimidazole group mainly used for the treatment of pinworm in animals. Recently, fenbendazole has been shown to selectively induce cytotoxicity in cancer cells via impairment of proteasomal function a
Albendazole(Albenza) is a member of the benzimidazole compounds used as a drug indicated for the treatment of a variety of worm infestations. Albendazole causes degenerative alterations in the tegument and intestinal cells of the worm by bi
Trimethoprim is a Dihydrofolate Reductase Inhibitor Antibacterial.
Carbinoxamine is a first generation antihistamine that competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. This antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors, leading to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by h
Phenazopyridine HCl is a local analgesic that has been used in urinary tract disorders.
A centrally acting muscle relaxant whose mode of action has not been established. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmaco
A pharmaceutical agent that displays activity as a central nervous system and respiratory stimulant. It is considered a non-competitive GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID antagonist. Pentylenetetrazole has been used experimentally to study seizure phe
A semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from ERYTHROMYCIN that is active against a variety of microorganisms. It can inhibit protein synthesis in bacteria by reversibly binding to the 50S ribosomal subunits. This inhibits the transloca
Hydrochlorothiazide is a first line diuretic compound of the thiazide class.
Acyclovir is a synthetic nucleoside analogue active against herpesviruses. It is a guanosine analogue antiviral drug. Aciclovir differs from previous nucleoside analogues in that it contains only a partial nucleoside structure: the sugar ri
A nitroimidazole antiprotozoal agent used in ameba and trichomonas infections. It is partially plasma-bound and also has radiation-sensitizing action.
it acts as potential inhibitors of DPP-4
Famciclovir is a guanine analogue antiviral drug used for the treatment of various herpes virus infections, most commonly for herpes zoster (shingles). It is a prodrug form of penciclovir with improved oral bioavailability. Famciclovir is m
Tranexamic acid is an Antifibrinolytic Agent. The physiologic effect of tranexamic acid is by means of Decreased Fibrinolysis.
Ramipril is an Angiotensin Converting Enzyme Inhibitor.
Orlistat is a drug designed to treat obesity. Its primary function is preventing the absorption of fats from the human diet, thereby reducing caloric intake. Orlistat works by inhibiting pancreatic lipase, an enzyme that breaks down triglyc
One of the ANGIOTENSIN-CONVERTING ENZYME INHIBITORS (ACE inhibitors), orally active, that has been used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure.
Fenofibrate is a Peroxisome Proliferator Receptor alpha Agonist. The mechanism of action of fenofibrate is as a Peroxisome Proliferator-activated Receptor alpha Agonist. The chemical classification of fenofibrate is PPAR alpha.
Ethenzamide is a common analgesic and anti-inflammatory drug that is used for the relief of fever, headaches, and other minor aches and pains.
Broad spectrum antifungal agent used for long periods at high doses, especially in immunosuppressed patients.
Natamycin is a Polyene Antimicrobial. The chemical classification of natamycin is Polyenes.
Chlorhexidine hydrochloride is an antiseptic effective against a wide variety of gram-negative and gram-positive organisms.
Cefditoren is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic for oral use. It is commonly marketed under the trade name Spectracef by Cornerstone BioPharma.
Riluzole is a sodium channel protein inhibitor and potent neuroprotective agent. It has been shown to preferentially block tetrodotoxin-sensitive sodium channels, which are associated with damaged neurons. In the presence of negative potent
A reverse transcriptase inhibitor and ZALCITABINE analog in which a sulfur atom replaces the 3' carbon of the pentose ring. It is used to treat HIV disease.
A selective blocker of DOPAMINE D2 RECEPTORS and SEROTONIN 5-HT2 RECEPTORS that acts as an atypical antipsychotic agent. Risperidone is a mutil-targeted antagonist for dopamine, serotonin, adrenergic and histamine receptors, used to treat s
Lansoprazole is a proton-pump inhibitor (PPI) which prevents the stomach from producing gastric acid.
Tricyclic antidepressant with anticholinergic and sedative properties. It appears to prevent the re-uptake of norepinephrine and serotonin at nerve terminals, thus potentiating the action of these neurotransmitters. Amitriptyline also appea
Vitamin A is a group of unsaturated nutritional hydrocarbons, that includes retinol, retinal, retinoic acid, and several provitamin A carotenoids, among which beta-carotene is the most important.
An essential aromatic amino acid that is a precursor of melanin; dopamine; noradrenalin (norepinephrine), and thyroxine.
Sulisobenzone (benzophenone-4) is an ingredient in some sunscreens which protects the skin from damage by UVB and short-wave UVA ultraviolet light.
Avobenzone is an oil soluble ingredient used in sunscreen products to absorb the full spectrum of UVA rays and a dibenzoylmethane derivative.
Naftopidil (INN, marketed under the brand name Flivas) is an antihypertensive drug which acts as a selective ?1-adrenergic receptor antagonist or alpha blocker.
A peripheral vasodilator that was formerly used in the management of peripheral and cerebral vascular disorders. It is hepatotoxic and fatalities have occurred. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1312)
Carglumic acid is an orphan drug used for the treatment of hyperammonaemia in patients with N-acetylglutamate synthase deficiency. This rare genetic disorder results in elevated blood levels of ammonia, which can eventually cross the blood-
Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor, used to treat dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease, gastroesophageal reflux disease, laryngopharyngeal reflux, and Zollinger?Ellison syndrome.
Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to relieve the symptoms of arthritis (juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis), such as inflammation, swelling, stiffness, and joint pain. Howev
Nifenazone is a drug that has been used as an analgesic for a number of rheumatic conditions
A semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with antimicrobial activity similar to that of CEPHALORIDINE or CEPHALOTHIN, but somewhat less potent. It is effective against both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms.
A sulfanilamide that is used as an anti-infective agent.
A nitroimidazole used to treat AMEBIASIS; VAGINITIS; TRICHOMONAS INFECTIONS; GIARDIASIS; ANAEROBIC BACTERIA; and TREPONEMAL INFECTIONS. It has also been proposed as a radiation sensitizer for hypoxic cells. According to the Fourth Annual Re
Pralidoxime or 2-PAM, usually as the chloride or methiodide salts, belongs to a family of compounds called oximes that bind to organophosphate-inactivated acetylcholinesterase.
A vesicant and necrotizing irritant destructive to mucous membranes. It was formerly used as a war gas. The hydrochloride is used as an antineoplastic in Hodgkin's disease and lymphomas. It causes severe gastrointestinal and bone marrow dam
An anthelmintic used in most schistosome and many cestode infestations.
An antineoplastic agent that inhibits DNA synthesis through the inhibition of ribonucleoside diphosphate reductase
Chlorothiazide is a diuretic and antihypertensive.
Lamotrigine is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. For epilepsy it is used to treat partial seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndro
A nucleoside antimetabolite antiviral agent that blocks nucleic acid synthesis and is used against both RNA and DNA viruses.
An ACYCLOVIR analog that is a potent inhibitor of the Herpesvirus family including cytomegalovirus. Ganciclovir is used to treat complications from AIDS-associated cytomegalovirus infections.
An anti-urolithic Xanthine oxidase inhibitor that decreases uric acid production and is used in treatment of hyperuricemia and chronic gout.
Flavoring agent sweeter than sugar, metabolized as PHENYLALANINE and ASPARTIC ACID.
Dioxybenzone (benzophenone-8) is an organic compound used in sunscreen to block UVB and short-wave UVA (ultraviolet) rays.[2] It is a derivative of benzophenone. It is a yellow powder with a melting point of 68 ?C. It is insoluble in water,
Long acting sulfonamide antibacterial agent.
Gabapentin (brand name Neurontin) is a medication originally developed for the treatment of epilepsy. Presently, gabapentin is widely used to relieve pain, especially neuropathic pain. Gabapentin is well tolerated in most patients, has a re
Precursor of an alkylating nitrogen mustard antineoplastic and immunosuppressive agent that must be activated in the LIVER to form the active aldophosphamide. It has been used in the treatment of LYMPHOMA and LEUKEMIA. Its side effect, ALOP
Oxaprozin is a non-narcotic, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to relieve the inflammation, swelling, stiffness, and joint pain associated with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
A short-acting sulfonamide antibacterial with activity against a wide range of gram- negative and gram-positive organisms.
A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant whose mechanism of action is not completely understood but may be related to its sedative actions. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated wi
A mercaptoethylamine compound that is endogenously derived from the COENZYME A degradative pathway. The fact that cysteamine is readily transported into LYSOSOMES where it reacts with CYSTINE to form cysteine-cysteamine disulfide and CYSTEI
A unicyclic, aminoketone antidepressant. The mechanism of its therapeutic actions is not well understood, but it does appear to block dopamine uptake. The hydrochloride is available as an aid to smoking cessation treatment.
A dideoxynucleoside analog that inhibits reverse transcriptase and has in vitro activity against HIV.
A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3'-hydroxy group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by an azido group. This modification prevents the formation of phosphodiester linkages which are needed for the completion of nucleic acid chai
Penciclovir is a guanine analogue antiviral drug used for the treatment of various herpesvirus infections. It is a nucleoside analogue which exhibits low toxicity and good selectivity.
Antiprotozoal and antimicrobial agent used mainly in veterinary practice.
Neomycin belongs to aminoglycoside class of antibiotics that contain two or more aminosugars connected by glycosidic bonds.
A local anesthetic of the amide type now generally used for surface anesthesia. It is one of the most potent and toxic of the long-acting local anesthetics and its parenteral use is restricted to spinal anesthesia.
A broad spectrum antimycotic with some action against Gram positive bacteria. It is used topically in dermatomycoses also orally and parenterally.
Florfenicol is a fluorinated synthetic analog of thiamphenicol. In the United States, florfenicol is currently indicated for the treatment of bovine respiratory disease (BRD) associated with Mannheimia (Pasteurella) haemolytica, Pasteurella
Cilostazol is a medication used in the alleviation of the symptom of intermittent claudication in individuals with peripheral vascular disease. It is manufactured by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. under the trade name Pletal. Although drugs simi
Carbenicillin inhibits the cell-wall synthesis (peptidoglycan cross-linking) by inactivating transpeptidase on the inner surface of the bacterial cell membrane. Carbenicillin is a white to slightly yellow, hygroscopic powder soluble in wate
Acetylspiramycin targets 50S ribosome to inhibit protein synthesis.
An alkaloid derived from the bark of the cinchona tree. It is used as an antimalarial drug, and is the active ingredient in extracts of the cinchona that have been used for that purpose since before 1633. Quinine is also a mild antipyretic
Azobenzene is a chemical compound composed of two phenyl rings linked by a N=N double bond. It is the simplest example of an aryl azo compound. The term 'azobenzene' or simply 'azo' is often used to refer to a wide class of molecules that s
A phenothiazine derivative with histamine H1-blocking, antimuscarinic, and sedative properties. It is used as an antiallergic, in pruritus, for motion sickness and sedation, and also in animals.
An yellow crystal powder, used as industrial and organic intermediate.
Glucuronolactone is a naturally occurring chemical that is an important structural component of nearly all connective tissues. Glucuronolactone is also found in many plant gums.
Robenidine hydrochloride is an anticoccidial agent mainly for poultry.
N/A
Valpromide is a carboxamide derivative of valproic acid used in the treatment of epilepsy and some affective disorders.
The montmorillonite-catalyzed reactions of the 5'-phosphorimidazolide of adenosine used as a model generated RNA type oligomers.
A bile acid formed from chenodeoxycholate by bacterial action, usually conjugated with glycine or taurine. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is used as cholagogue and choleretic.
Carbinoxamine maleate is used as Histamine H1 Antagonists.
1NM-PP1(PP1 Analog II) is a cell-permeable PP1 analog that acts as a potent and selective inhibitor of mutant kinases over their wild-type progenitors(IC50=28 uM vSrc; 4.2 nM v-Src-as1 I338G).
Leuco Gentian Violet is a small molecular with fomula C25H31N3.
Uridine, Trisodium Salt is an energy-rich precursor in the enzymatic biosynthesis of RNA, a potent vasodilator, and induces contractile responses in some tissues.
Hyoscyamine is an AChR inhibitor with IC50 of 7.5 nM.
Tetracycline is a naphthacene antibiotic that inhibits AMINO ACYL TRNA binding during protein synthesis.
Hesperetin is a bioflavonoid and, to be more specific, a flavanone.
Kinetin is a type of cytokinin, a class of plant hormone that promotes cell division.
Extracted from Sinomenium Acutum Rehderett Wilson;Store the product in sealed, cool and dry condition
An imidazole antithyroid agent. Carbimazole is metabolized to METHIMAZOLE, which is responsible for the antithyroid activity.
Antipyrine is often used in testing the effects of other drugs or diseases on drug-metabolizing enzymes in the liver. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p29)
An anticoagulant that acts by inhibiting the synthesis of vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors. Warfarin is indicated for the prophylaxis and/or treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, pulmonary embolism, and atrial fibrillatio
Valproic acid is a HDAC inhibitor by selectively inducing proteasomal degradation of HDAC2, used in the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder and prevention of migraine headaches.
Tolterodine is an antimuscarinic drug that is used to treat urinary incontinence. Tolterodine acts on M2 and M3 subtypes of muscarinic receptors.
Semi-synthetic derivative of penicillin that functions as an orally active broad-spectrum antibiotic.
A broad-spectrum semisynthetic antibiotic similar to AMPICILLIN except that its resistance to gastric acid permits higher serum levels with oral administration.
Doxycycline is a synthetic tetracycline derivative with similar antimicrobial activity.
Actarit is an anti-inflammatory drug developed in Japan for use in rheumatoid arthritis
Manidipine dihydrochloride is a dihydropyridine compound and a calcium channel blocker for Ca2+ current with IC50 of 2.6 nM.
Bergenin monohydrate is an isocoumarin isolated from various medicinal plants. Shows mild anti-HIV activity,antihepatotoxic activity and antiulcer activity.
Tilmicosin is a macrolide antibiotic.
Diaveridine (DVD) is a popular antibacterial synergist that is widely used in combination with sulfonamide. It has been reported to be genotoxic to mammalian cells, but more studies are required to clarify this.[1]
Extracted from Foeniculum vulgare fruit;Store the product in sealed, cool and dry condition
Atropine is an antimuscarinic agent and has shown the pharmacological effects because of binding to muscarinic acetylcholine receptors. Atropine, the orthosteric antagonist, has been reported to compete with [3H]-NMS for all muscarinic subt
Cinnarizine is a drug derivative of piperazine, and characterized as an antihistamine and a calcium channel blocker, it is also known to promote cerebral blood flow, and so is used to treat cerebral apoplexy, post-trauma cerebral symptoms,
A histamine H1 receptor antagonist that is effective in the treatment of chronic urticaria, dermatitis, and histamine-mediated pruritus. Unlike its major metabolite cetirizine, it does cause drowsiness. It is also effective as an antiemetic
Diphenylpyraline is a first-generation antihistamine with anticholinergic effects of the diphenylpiperidine class.
A CNS stimulant that is used to induce convulsions in experimental animals. It has also been used as a respiratory stimulant and in the treatment of barbiturate overdose.
Oxytetracycline (Terramycin) was the second of the broad-spectrum tetracycline group of antibiotics to be discovered.
Aloe-emodin is an interferon-inducing agent with IC50 of about 1 ?g/mL for JEV and of about 0.33 ?g/mL for EV71.
Laetrile is a glycoside initially isolated from the seeds of the tree Prunus dulcis, also known as bitter almonds.
A generic descriptor for all tocopherols and tocotrienols that exhibit alpha-tocopherol activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depend
Tetracycline HCl is a hydrochloride salt of tetracycline that is a broad-spectrum polyketide antibiotic.
Troxerutin, a natural bioflavonoid isolated from Sophora japonica., has been reported to have many benefits and medicinal properties.
Dasatinib is an oral dual BCR/ABL and Src family tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for use in patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). The main targets of Dasatinib, are BCRABL, SRC, Ephrins and GFR.
A drug that is used in the management of inflammatory bowel diseases. Its activity is generally considered to lie in its metabolic breakdown product, 5-aminosalicylic acid (see MESALAMINE) released in the colon. (From Martindale, The Extra
A histamine congener, it competitively inhibits HISTAMINE binding to HISTAMINE H2 RECEPTORS. Cimetidine has a range of pharmacological actions. It inhibits GASTRIC ACID secretion, as well as PEPSIN and GASTRIN output.
Bephenium hydroxynaphthoate (INN, trade names Alcopara, Alcopar, Befenium, Debefenium, Francin, Nemex) is an anthelmintic agent formerly used in the treatment of hookworm infections and ascariasis.
Cefotaxime is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. Like other third-generation cephalosporins, it has broad spectrum activity against Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria. In most cases, it is considered to be equivalent to ceft
An anthelmintic used primarily as the citrate in the treatment of filariasis, particularly infestations with Wucheria bancrofti or Loa loa.
Butoconazole is an imidazole antifungal used in gynecology.
synthesis by conbination of isoniazid and p-aminosalicylic acid
Nocodazole is an inhibitor of microtubule polymerization which inhibits insulin-stimulated glucose transport. It impairs the morphology and directionality of migrating medial gan-glionic eminence cells and disrupts microtubules by binding t
Local anti-infective agent used for skin, gastrointestinal, and vaginal infections with fungi, protozoa, and certain bacteria. In animals, it causes central nervous system damage and is not administered parenterally. It is also used as anti
An anticonvulsant used to control grand mal and psychomotor or focal seizures. Its mode of action is not fully understood, but some of its actions resemble those of PHENYTOIN; although there is little chemical resemblance between the two co
Cinchonidine is an alkaloid found in Cinchona officinalis. It is used in asymmetric synthesis in organic chemistry. It is a stereoisomer and pseudo-enantiomer of cinchonine.
Sulfamethizole is a sulfathiazole antibacterial agent.
Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias.
Used in synthetic resin, also used as additive, curing agent, promoter, etc
Modafinil is a stimulant drug marketed as a ?wakefulness promoting agent? and is one of the stimulants used in the treatment of narcolepsy. Narcolepsy is caused by dysfunction of a family of wakefulness-promoting and sleep-suppressing pepti
A yellow-orange dye obtained from tumeric, the powdered root of CURCUMA longa. It is used in the preparation of curcuma paper and the detection of boron. Curcumin appears to possess a spectrum of pharmacological properties, due primarily to
Aloin, a natural anthracycline from Aloe vera, is a tyrosinase inhibitor
4-Aminophenol (or para-aminophenol or p-aminophenol) is the organic compound with the formula H2NC6H4OH. Typically available as a white powder, it is commonly used as a developer in black-and-white film, marketed under the name Rodinal.
Dibutyl phthalate is a plasticizer used in most plastics and found in water, air, soil, plants and animals. It may have some adverse effects with long-term exposure.
Streptomycin sulfate is a sulfate salt of streptomycin that is a protein synthesis inhibitor.
Ampyrone is a metabolite of aminopyrine with analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic properties. Due to the risk of agranulocytosis its use as a drug is discouraged. It is used as a reagent for biochemical reactions producing peroxide
Thiamine or vitamin B1 is a water-soluble vitamin of the B complex, its phosphate derivatives are involved in many cellular processes. Thiamine deficiency results in amyloid precursor protein immunoreactivity accumulated in swollen neurites
Dextrose is the biologically active form of Glucose (D-Glucose).
Flubendazole is an anthelmintic that is used to treat worm infection in humans. It is available OTC in Europe.
Mercaptopurine is a widely used anti-leukemic agent and immunosuppressive drug that inhibits de novo purine synthesis through incorporation of thiopurine methyltransferase metabolites into DNA and RNA.
It has various effects on cultured mammalian cells including inhibition of proliferation, induction of differentiation and induction or repression of gene expression. As such, it can be used in lab to bring about any of these effects. Speci
Ethamsylate is a haemostatic drug, which inhibits biosynthesis and action of prostaglandins, and increases capillary endothelial resistance as and platelet adhesion
a potent vasodilator working through releasing NO spontaneously in blood
Aminophylline is a drug combination that contains THEOPHYLLINE and ethylenediamine. It is more soluble in water than theophylline but has similar pharmacologic actions. It's most common use is in bronchial asthma, but it has been investigat
Antioxidant; also a post-harvest dip to prevent scald on apples and pears.
An anti-infective agent that is used topically to treat skin infections and orally for urinary tract infections.
An antibacterial agent that has been used in veterinary practice for treating swine dysentery and enteritis and for promoting growth. However, its use has been prohibited in the UK following reports of carcinogenicity and mutagenicity. (Fro
Methyl salicylate (oil of wintergreen or wintergreen oil) is an organic ester naturally produced by many species of plants, particularly wintergreens. It is also synthetically produced, used as a fragrance, in foods and beverages, and in li
A surface anesthetic that acts by preventing transmission of impulses along nerve fibers and at nerve endings.
Procainamide hydrochloride is a class Ia antiarrhythmic drug that is structurally-related to PROCAINE.
Tadalafil is an orally adminstered drug used to treat male erectile dysfunction (impotence). It is marketed worldwide under the brand name Cialis. It is a phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitor. Tadalafil's distinguishing pharmacologic featur
Disulfiram is a specific inhibitor of aldehyde-dehydrogenase (ALDH1), used for the treatment of chronic alcoholism by producing an acute sensitivity to alcohol.
Cannabidiol (CBD) is one of at least 85 active cannabinoids identified in cannabis. It is a major phytocannabinoid, accounting for up to 40% of the plant's extract. CBD is considered to have a wider scope of medical applications than tetrah
Thiodiglycol has both polar and nonpolar solvent properties. It is used as a solvent in a variety of applications ranging from dyeing textiles to inks in some ballpoint pens.
An aminobenzoic acid isomer that combines with pteridine and GLUTAMIC ACID to form FOLIC ACID. The fact that 4-aminobenzoic acid absorbs light throughout the UVB range has also resulted in its use as an ingredient in SUNSCREENS.
Bismuth subsalicylate is used to treat diarrhea in adults and teenagers. It is also used to relieve the symptoms of an upset stomach, such as heartburn, indigestion, and nausea in adults and teenagers.
Benzoic acid is a Nitrogen Binding Agent. The mechanism of action of benzoic acid is as an Ammonium Ion Binding Activity.
Xylitol is a sugar alcohol used as a sweetener.
An amino alcohol that has been used as a myocardial stimulant and vasodilator and to relieve bronchospasm. Its most common therapeutic use is in orthostatic hypotension. The mechanism of heptaminol's therapeutic actions is not well understo
A water-soluble vitamin of the B complex occurring in various animal and plant tissues. It is required by the body for the formation of coenzymes NAD and NADP. It has PELLAGRA-curative, vasodilating, and antilipemic properties.
Membrane Transporter/Ion Channel  Sodium Channel inhibitor Sodium Channel
A phenothiazine with actions similar to CHLORPROMAZINE but with less antipsychotic activity. It is primarily used in short-term treatment of disturbed behavior and as an antiemetic.
Gallic acid is found in almost all plants. Plants known for their high gallic acid content include gallnuts,grapes,tea,hops and oak bark.
N/A
Cefixime, an antibiotic, is a third-generation cephalosporin like ceftriaxone and cefotaxime. Cefixime is highly stable in the presence of beta-lactamase enzymes. As a result, many organisms resistant to penicillins and some cephalosporins
An isomer of glucose that has traditionally been considered to be a B vitamin although it has an uncertain status as a vitamin and a deficiency syndrome has not been identified in man. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p13
A naturally occurring compound that has been of interest for its role in osmoregulation. As a drug, betaine hydrochloride has been used as a source of hydrochloric acid in the treatment of hypochlorhydria. Betaine has also been used in the
Uracil is one of the four nucleobases in the nucleic acid of RNA can be used for drug delivery and as a pharmaceutical.
A conditionally essential nutrient, important during mammalian development. It is present in milk but is isolated mostly from ox bile and strongly conjugates bile acids.
A diphenyl ether derivative used in cosmetics and toilet soaps as an antiseptic. It has some bacteriostatic and fungistatic action.
An oxidation product, via XANTHINE OXIDASE, of oxypurines such as XANTHINE and HYPOXANTHINE. It is the final oxidation product of purine catabolism in humans and primates, whereas in most other mammals URATE OXIDASE further oxidizes it to A
3,7-Dimethylxanthine. The principle alkaloid in Theobroma cacao (the cacao bean) and other plants. A xanthine alkaloid that is used as a bronchodilator and as a vasodilator. It has a weaker diuretic activity than THEOPHYLLINE and is also a
Octyl salicylate, or 2-ethylhexyl salicylate, is an organic compound used as an ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetics to absorb UVB (ultraviolet) rays from the sun.[1] It is an ester formed by the condensation of a salicylic acid with 2-et
Its primary use is in sunscreens and other cosmetics to absorb UV-B rays from the sun, protecting the skin from damage. It is also used to reduce the appearance of scars.
Diosmin is a semisynthetic phlebotropic agent and a member of the flavonoid family. Extracted from hesperidin;Store the product in sealed, cool and dry condition
A synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent active against most gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria.
Diclofenac diethylamine is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug taken to reduce inflammation and as an analgesic reducing pain in certain conditions.
Extracted from Herba Menthae Haplocalycis;Suitability:Alcohol,ether,acetic acid,liquid paraffin and petroleum ether;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Cinnamic acid exerts anti-diabetic activity by improving glucose tolerance in vivo and by stimulating insulin secretion in vitro.
An imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity. It inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal CELL MEMBRANES. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disrup
Penicillin V potassium is a broad-spectrum penicillin antibiotic used orally in the treatment of mild to moderate infections by susceptible gram-positive organisms.
An antihelmintic that is active against most tapeworms. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p48)
Accelerants play a major role in chemistry. Most chemical reactions can be hastened with an accelerant. Accelerants alter a chemical bond, speed up a chemical process, or bring organisms back to homeostasis.
Chloroxine is a synthetic antibacterial compound that is effective in the treatment of dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis when incorporated in a shampoo.
One of the halogenated 8-quinolinols widely used as an intestinal antiseptic, especially as an antiamebic agent. It is also used topically in other infections and may cause CNS and eye damage. It is known by very many similar trade names wo
An ester of TESTOSTERONE with a propionate substitution at the 17-beta position.
Chlortetracycline HCl is the first identified tetracycline antibiotic.
Etofylline is used as a Bronchodilator Agent.
A mucolytic agent used in the treatment of respiratory disorders associated with viscid or excessive mucus.
A member of the vitamin B family that stimulates the hematopoietic system. It is present in the liver and kidney and is found in mushrooms, spinach, yeast, green leaves, and grasses (POACEAE). Folic acid is used in the treatment and prevent
A semisynthetic bile acid made from cholic acid. It is used as a cholagogue, hydrocholeretic, diuretic, and as a diagnostic aid.
Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in
Docosanol is a drug used for topical treatment for recurrent herpes simplex labialis episodes (episodes of cold sores or fever blisters). A saturated 22-carbon aliphatic alcohol, docosanol exhibits antiviral activity against many lipid enve
Neomycin sulfate belongs to a class of antibiotics known as the aminoglycosides.
An essential branched-chain aliphatic amino acid found in many proteins. It is an isomer of LEUCINE. It is important in hemoglobin synthesis and regulation of blood sugar and energy levels.
A neurotropic agent which reduces permeability of blood-brain barrier to phosphate. It has no vitamin B6 activity.
(6-)?-?Aminocaproic acid is a derivative and analogue of the amino acid lysine. Aminocaproic acid is an Antifibrinolytic Agent. The physiologic effect of aminocaproic acid is by means of Decreased Fibrinolysis.
Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias.
Phenothiazine is a dopamine-2 (D2) receptor antagonist therefore decreases the effect of dopamine in the brain.
A non-essential amino acid. In animals it is synthesized from PHENYLALANINE. It is also the precursor of EPINEPHRINE; THYROID HORMONES; and melanin.
Eugenol is a Standardized Chemical Allergen. The physiologic effect of eugenol is by means of Increased Histamine Release and Cell-mediated Immunity. The chemical classification of eugenol is Allergens. from FDA Pharm Classe
Menthol is a covalent organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or other mint oils. It is a waxy, crystalline substance, clear or white in color, which is solid at room temperature and melts slightly above. The main fo
Camphor is readily absorbed through the skin producing either a coolness or warmth sensation by activating the ion channel TRPV3,and acts as slight local anesthetic and antimicrobial substance. There are anti-itch gels and cooling gels with
Oxeladin is a cough suppressant. It is a highly potent and effective drug used to treat all types of cough of various etiologies. It is not related to opium or its derivatives, so treatment with oxeladin is free of risk of dependence or add
A phenothiazine used in the treatment of PSYCHOSES. Its properties and uses are generally similar to those of CHLORPROMAZINE.
Nonoxynol-9 (N-9) is a typical surfactant used as a vaginal spermicide. Spermicides are locally acting non-hormonal contraceptives. When present in the vagina during intercourse, they immobilize/inactivate/damage and/or kill sperms without
A commonly used x-ray contrast medium. As diatrizoate meglumine and as Diatrizoate sodium, it is used for gastrointestinal studies, angiography, and urography.
A compound consisting of dark green crystals or crystalline powder, having a bronze-like luster. Solutions in water or alcohol have a deep blue color. Methylene blue is used as a bacteriologic stain and as an indicator. It inhibits GUANYLAT
Mephenesin is a centrally acting muscle relaxant. It can be used as an antidote for strychnine poisoning. Mephenesin however presents with the major drawbacks of having a short duration of action and a much greater effect on the spinal cord
Thiabendazole is an Antihelminthic. Hiabendazole is a benzimidazole compound that acts as a fungicide and is reported to have aneugenic effects.
Limonene is a colourless liquid hydrocarbon classified as a cyclic terpene. The more common d-isomer possesses a strong smell of oranges. It is used in chemical synthesis as a precursor to carvone and as a renewables-based solvent in cleani
A fibric acid derivative used in the treatment of HYPERLIPOPROTEINEMIA TYPE III and severe HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIA. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p986)
Dimethyl fumarate is an anti-inflammatory. It is indicated for multiple sclerosis patients with relapsing forms and is also being investigated for the treatment of psoriasis. The mechanism of action of dimethyl fumarate in multiple sclerosi
Dyphylline is a xanthine derivative with bronchodilator and vasodilator effects.
Clofibric acid is a PPAR? agonist and hypolipidemic agent.
It is a substrate of An arylketone monooxygenase  purified from Pseudomonas putida JD1 by ion exchange and affinity chromatography.
Nikethamide is a stimulant which mainly affects the respiratory cycle. Widely known by its former trade name of Coramine, it was used in the mid-twentieth century as a medical countermeasure against tranquilizer overdoses, before the advent
Analgesic antipyretic derivative of acetanilide. It has weak anti-inflammatory properties and is used as a common analgesic, but may cause liver, blood cell, and kidney damage.
Octocrylene is an organic compound used as an ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetics. It is an ester formed by the condensation of a diphenylcyanoacrylate with 2-ethylhexanol. It is a viscous, oily liquid that is clear and colorless. This o
As a flavorant, ethylvanillin is about three times as potent as vanillin and is used in the production of chocolate.
Cetrimonium Bromide is a known component of the broad-spectrum antiseptic cetrimide, which is a mixture of different quaternary ammonium salts.
Meglumine is an amino sugar derived from sorbitol. It is often used as an excipient in pharmaceuticals and in conjunction with iodinated compounds in contrast media such as diatrizoate meglumine and iodipamide meglumine.
5-Chloro-8-hydroxyquinoline, also called  Cloxiquine, has the efficancy of anti-viral.
Phthalylsulfathiazole belongs to the group of drugs called sulfonamides. The drug is a broad spectrum antimicrobial that can treat different types of infections including intestinal. The mechanism of action depends is based on competitive a
An insecticide synergist, especially for pyrethroids and ROTENONE.
An analgesic and antipyretic that has been given by mouth and as ear drops. Antipyrine is often used in testing the effects of other drugs or diseases on drug-metabolizing enzymes in the liver. .
Bithionol, formerly marketed as an active ingredient in various topical drug products, was shown to be a potent photosensitizer with the potential to cause serious skin disorders. Approvals of the NDA?s for bithionol drug products were with
Acetylcysteine is a derivative of cysteine; an acetyl group that is attached to the nitrogen atom. This compound is sold as a dietary supplement commonly claiming antioxidant and liver protecting effects.Acetylcysteine (also known as N-acet
Bronopol is a Standardized Chemical Allergen. The physiologic effect of bronopol is by means of Increased Histamine Release and Cell-mediated Immunity. The chemical classification of bronopol is Allergens.
Flavoring agent and non-nutritive sweetener.
A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial WOUNDS AND INJURIES and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of TRYPANOSOMIAS
Chloroxylenol (4-chloro-3,5-dimethylphenol) is a broad spectrum antimicrobial chemical compound used to control bacteria, algae, fungi and virus. It is used in hospitals and households for disinfection and sanitation.
Industrially, it is also used as a plasticizer in synthetic resins. It is used to reduce pickle bloating as a preservative for squash and strawberries. Also used in antienzyme toothpastes. Clinical tests show little to no evidence regarding
Cetylpyridinium chloride (CPC) is a cationic quaternary ammonium compound used in some types of mouthwashes, toothpastes, lozenges, throat sprays, breath sprays, and nasal sprays. It is an antiseptic that kills bacteria and other microorgan
A synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent that inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA GYRASE, halting DNA REPLICATION.
A phenyl mercury compound used mainly as a fungicide. Has also been used as a herbicide, slimicide, and bacteriocide.
Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, commonly used to loosen mucus in patients presenting with acute or chronic bronchitis, and related conditions. It is derived from sources such as oil of turpentine, oregano, thyme and eucalyptus. Though it
All-purpose surfactant, wetting agent, and solubilizer used in the drug, cosmetics, and food industries. It has also been used in laxatives and as cerumenolytics. It is usually administered as either the calcium, potassium, or sodium salt.
Cyclamic acid in the form of its sodium or calcium salt is one of the most widely used artificial sweeteners.
Propofol is an intravenous anaesthetic agent used for induction and maintenance of general anaesthesia. IV administration of propfol is used to induce unconsciousness after which anaesthesia may be maintained using a combination of medicati
Dyclonine is an oral anaesthetic found in Sucrets, an over the counter throat lozenge.
A coumarin derivative possessing properties as a spasmolytic, choleretic and light-protective agent. It is also used in ANALYTICAL CHEMISTRY TECHNIQUES for the determination of NITRIC ACID.
An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movemen
Mexenone (Uvistat, benzophenone-10) is a benzophenone-derived sunscreening agent.
Sodium 4-Aminosalicylate is an antibiotic used to treat tuberculosis via NF-?B inhibition and free radical scavenging.
Nontoxic laxative vermicide effective for taenia infestation. It tends to produce colic and nausea. It is also used as a veterinary fungicide, anthelmintic, and antiprotozoan. (From Merck, 11th ed.)
Compounds useful for inhibition of farnesyl protein transferase [US6689789]
Piracetam is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), used in treatment of a wide range of cognitive disorders.
Chlorpropamide is a sulfonylurea class drug for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Tetramisole is a mixture of dextro- and levo isomers used as an anthelmintic.
Creatinine is a break-down product of creatine phosphate in muscle, and is usually produced at a fairly constant rate by the body.
Salsalate is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent for oral administration. Salsalate's mode of action as an anti-inflammatory and antirheumatic agent may be due to inhibition of synthesis and release of prostaglandins. The usefulness of s
Oxybenzone is an organic compound used in sunscreens. It is a derivative of benzophenone. It forms colorless crystals that are readily soluble in most organic solvents. It is used as an ingredient in sunscreen and other cosmetics because it
Mequinol is a Skin Lightening Agent. The mechanism of action of mequinol is as a Melanin Synthesis Inhibitor. The physiologic effect of mequinol is by means of Depigmenting Activity.
A direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to dilate blood vessels. It may cause gastrointestinal distress and tachycardia.
A cyclized derivative of L-GLUTAMIC ACID. Elevated blood levels may be associated with problems of GLUTAMINE or GLUTATHIONE metabolism.
Sulfaguanidine is a sulfonamide used as an anti-infective agent.
An indandione that has been used as an anticoagulant. Phenindione has actions similar to WARFARIN, but it is now rarely employed because of its higher incidence of severe adverse effects. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed,
Benzyl benzoate is one of the older preparations used to treat scabies. Scabies is a skin infection caused by the mite sarcoptes scabiei. It is characterised by severe itching (particularly at night), red spots, and may lead to a secondary
It is an artificial chemical compound, commonly used as a food additive, for instance as a solvent in flavourings, and for its humectant function
Chlorocresol is an activator of ryanodine receptor
Dalfampridine is a potassium channel blocker used to help multiple sclerosis patients walk. This is the first drug that was specifically approved to help with mobility in these patients. FDA approved on January 22, 2010.
Dinitolmide is a broad-spectrum anticoccidial drug.
Dimetridazole is a drug that combats protozoan infections. It is a nitroimidazole class drug. It has been banned by the Canadian government as a livestock feed additive.
Felbinac (INN, or biphenylylacetic acid) is a topical medicine, belonging to the family of medicines known as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) of the arylpropionic acid class, which is used to treat muscle inflammation and art
Mefenamic acid is a Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Drug. The mechanism of action of mefenamic acid is as a Cyclooxygenase Inhibitor. The chemical classification of mefenamic acid is Nonsteroidal Anti-inflammatory Compounds.
A sulfone active against a wide range of bacteria but mainly employed for its actions against MYCOBACTERIUM LEPRAE. Its mechanism of action is probably similar to that of the SULFONAMIDES which involves inhibition of folic acid synthesis in
A nitroimidazole antitrichomonal agent effective against Trichomonas vaginalis, Entamoeba histolytica, and Giardia lamblia infections.
Sulfabenzamide is an antibacterial/antimicrobial. Often used in conjunction with sulfathiazole and sulfacetamide (trade name - Sultrin) as a topical, intravaginal antibacterial preparation.
Antineoplastic bifunctional, DNA alkylating agent that causes DNA damage by cross-linking DNA and proteins. Causes double-base lesions mainly at 5'-GA-3' and, to a lesser extent, at 5'-GG-3' sequences. Forms an intrastrand cross-link at the
Sulfadiazine is a sulfonamide antibiotic. It eliminates bacteria that cause infections by stopping the production of folic acid inside the bacterial cell, and is commonly used to treat urinary tract infections (UTIs). In combination, sulfad
Acesulfame potassium is a non-nutritive sweetener.
Guaiacol is a precursor to various flavorants, such as eugenol and vanillin. Its derivatives are used medicinally as an expectorant, antiseptic, and local anesthetic. It also can be used as an indicator in chemical reactions that produce ox
A urinary anti-infective agent effective against most gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. Although sulfonamides and antibiotics are usually the agents of choice for urinary tract infections, nitrofurantoin is widely used for prophyla
Ibuprofen (Motrin) is an anti-inflammatory inhibitor targeting COX-1 and COX-2, of which is used for pain relief, fever reduction and for reducing swelling. Ibuprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a prototypical nonsteroidal anti-inflamm
Panthenol (pantothenol) is the alcohol analog of pantothenic acid (vitamin B5), and is thus a provitamin of B5.
A cardioselective beta-1 adrenergic blocker possessing properties and potency similar to PROPRANOLOL, but without a negative inotropic effect.
An anticonvulsant that is used to treat a wide variety of seizures. It is also an anti-arrhythmic and a muscle relaxant. The mechanism of therapeutic action is not clear, although several cellular actions have been described including effec
A dye that is a mixture of violet rosanilinis with antibacterial, antifungal, and anthelmintic properties.
Oxolamine is a cough suppressant that is available as a generic drug in many jurisdictions.
An antilipemic agent which reduces both cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood.
An expectorant that also has some muscle relaxing action. It is used in many cough preparations.
Metformin is a biguanide antihyperglycemic agent used for treating non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It improves glycemic control by decreasing hepatic glucose production, decreasing glucose absorption and increasing insulin-
Aceglutamide is a psychostimulant and nootropic used to improve memory and concentration. Chemically, it is the acetyl derivative of the amino acid L-glutamine.
Orotic acid (OA) is an intermediate in pyrimidine metabolism. Orotic acid(6-Carboxyuracil) is a heterocyclic compound and an acid.
Anethole (anise camphor) is an organic compound that is widely used as a flavoring substance. It is a derivative of phenylpropene, a type of aromatic compound that occurs widely in nature, in essential oils.
A synthetic antifungal agent.
Sulfathiazole is a short-acting sulfa drug. It used to be a common oral and topical antimicrobial until less toxic alternatives were discovered. It is still occasionally used, sometimes in combination with sulfabenzamide and sulfacetamide.
Ascorbyl palmitate is an ester formed from ascorbic acid and palmitic acid creating a fat-soluble form of vitamin C.
Piroxicam is a non-selective COX inhibitor
The principal sterol of all higher animals, distributed in body tissues, especially the brain and spinal cord, and in animal fats and oils.
A bacteriostatic antibacterial agent that interferes with folic acid synthesis in susceptible bacteria. Its broad spectrum of activity has been limited by the development of resistance. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p2
Chlorobutanol is a chemical preservative, sedative hypnotic and weak local anaesthetic similar in nature to chloral hydrate. It has antibacterial and antifungal properties. Chlorobutanol is typically used at a concentration of 0.5% where it
It is the ester of 4-aminobenzoic acid and butanol. It's of Low Solubility , and It's been reported that it's more Effective than its corresponding Ethyl Ester When applied to intact Mucous Membrane
A nonflammable, halogenated, hydrocarbon anesthetic that provides relatively rapid induction with little or no excitement. Analgesia may not be adequate. NITROUS OXIDE is often given concomitantly. Because halothane may not produce sufficie
A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium such as the aqueous humor, used as a diagnostic aid in corneal injuries and corneal trauma.
Tolazoline hydrochloride is a vasodilator that apparently has direct actions on blood vessels and also increases cardiac output. Tolazoline can interact to some degree with histamine, adrenergic, and cholinergic receptors, but the mechanism
Methacholine chloride is a quaternary ammonium parasympathomimetic agent with the muscarinic actions of ACETYLCHOLINE. It is hydrolyzed by ACETYLCHOLINESTERASE at a considerably slower rate than ACETYLCHOLINE and is more resistant to hydrol
An amino acid produced in the urea cycle by the splitting off of urea from arginine.
Ethyl carbamate (also known as urethan and urethane), formerly marketed as an inactive ingredient in Profenil injection, was determined to be carcinogenic and was removed from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in 1963.
Homosalate is an organic compound used in some sunscreens. It is an ester formed from salicylic acid and 3,3,5-trimethylcyclohexanol, a derivative of cyclohexanol. Contained in 45% of U.S. sunscreens, it is used as a chemical UV filter.
An arsenic derivative which has anticoccidial action and promotes growth in animals.
A sulfanilamide anti-infective agent. It has a spectrum of antimicrobial action similar to other sulfonamides.
Sodium Monofluorophosphate is a competitive inhibitor of pyruvate kinase and alkaline phosphatase with Ki of 3.4 mM and 69 ?M, respectively, which also irreversibly inhibits phosphorylase phosphatase with Ki of 0.5 mM.
Sulfathiazole is a short-acting sulfa drug. It used to be a common oral and topical antimicrobial until less toxic alternatives were discovered. It is still occasionally used, sometimes in combination with sulfabenzamide and sulfacetamide.
Long acting sulfonamide used in leprosy, urinary, and respiratory tract infections.
A nitrofuran derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activity. Furazolidone acts by gradual inhibition of monoamine oxidase. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p514)
Monobenzone is the monobenzyl ether of hydroquinone used medically for depigmentation. Monobenzone occurs as a white, almost tasteless crystalline powder, soluble in alcohol and practically insoluble in water. The topical application of mon
Antibacterial, potentially toxic, used to treat certain skin diseases.
Sulfamerazine is a sulfonamide antibacterial.
Climbazole is a broad-spectrum imidazole antifungal agent that can provide anti-dandruff benefits.
An anti-inflammatory agent, structurally related to the SALICYLATES, which is active in INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE. It is considered to be the active moiety of SULPHASALAZINE. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed)
A compound formed in the liver from ammonia produced by the deamination of amino acids. It is the principal end product of protein catabolism and constitutes about one half of the total urinary solids.
mainly used in synthetic pyridine-styrene-butadiene latex, also used in the manufacture of silicon and Bestatin hydrochloride and other drugs.
4-Isopropylphenol is corrosive to the skin and cornea.
N/A
Pharmaceutical intermediates for the synthesis of drug amitriptyline.
A peroxide derivative that has been used topically for BURNS and as a dermatologic agent in the treatment of ACNE and POISON IVY DERMATITIS. It is used also as a bleach in the food industry.
Phenytoin is an inactive voltage-gated sodium channel stabilizer.
A kind of complexing agent, used for chemical copper plating on PCB manufacturing
Used for the intermediates of antiepileptic drug carbamazepine.
2,6-Xylidine is an aniline derivative with the chemical formula (CH3)2C6H3NH2. It is an isomer of 2,4-xylidine and 3,4-xylidine. It is a colourless liquid although commercial samples can appear to be yellow or even red.
Used as pharmaceutical intermediates, mainly used for the preparation of librium, stability, estazolam sedative drugs
Semicarbazide is the chemical compound with the formula OC(NH2)(N2H3). This water-soluble white solid is also known as carbohydrazide. It is a derivative of urea.
Flopropione is a spasmolytic or antispasmodic agent, and acts as a 5-HT1A receptor antagonist
Benzylpenicillin sodium is a penicillin derivative commonly used in the form of its sodium or potassium salts in the treatment of a variety of infections. It is effective against most gram-positive bacteria and against gram-negative cocci.
BIIB021(CNF2024) is an orally available, fully synthetic small-molecule inhibitor of HSP90 with Ki and EC50 of 1.7 nM and 38 nM, respectively.
Sulfamerazine is a sulfonamide antibacterial.
Nandrolone (19-nortestosterone) is an anabolic steroid that may be present naturally in the human body, albeit in minute quantities of less than 0.4 ng/ml.
Extracted from natural chitin;Store the product in sealed, cool and dry condition
Theophylline-7-acetic acid is a stimulant drug of the xanthine chemical class. It acts as an adenosine receptor antagonist. It is combined with diphenhydramine in the pharmaceutical preparation etanautine to help offset its stimulant effect
An arsenical which has been used as a feed additive for enteric conditions in pigs and poultry. It causes blindness and is ototoxic and nephrotoxic in animals.
Betahistine is an antivertigo drug first used for treating vertigo assosicated with M?ni?re?s disease. It is also commonly used for patients with balance disorders.
an antimicrobial preservative used in cosmetics;acts as a formaldehyde releaser
Doxycycline is a synthetic tetracycline derivative with similar antimicrobial activity.
L-glutamine is a non-essential amino acid present abundantly throughout the body and is involved in many metabolic processes. It is synthesized from GLUTAMIC ACID and AMMONIA. It is the principal carrier of NITROGEN in the body and is an im
Phenacetin is a non-opioid analgesic without anti-inflammatory properties. Its analgesic effects are due to its actions on the sensory tracts of the spinal cord. In addition, phenacetin has a depressant action on the heart, where it acts as
An amino acid formed in vivo by the degradation of dihydrouracil and carnosine. Since neuronal uptake and neuronal receptor sensitivity to beta-alanine have been demonstrated, the compound may be a false transmitter replacing GAMMA-AMINOBUT
An oral chrysotherapeutic agent for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Its exact mechanism of action is unknown, but it is believed to act via immunological mechanisms and alteration of lysosomal enzyme activity. Its efficacy is slightl
2-Naphthol, or ?-naphthol, is a fluorescent colorless crystalline solid with the formula C10H7OH. It is an isomer of 1-naphthol, differing by the location of the hydroxyl group on the naphthalene ring. The naphthols are naphthalene homologu
An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion.
Amprolium chloride is a thiamin antagonist, which prevents carbohydrate synthesis by blocking thiamine uptake.
L-Arginine is the nitrogen donor for synthesis of nitric oxide, a potent vasodilator that is deficient during times of sickle cell crisis.
Talc is a mineral composed of hydrated magnesium silicate with the chemical formula H2Mg3(SiO3)4 or Mg3Si4O10(OH)2. Talc is used in many industries such as paper making, plastic, paint and coatings, rubber, food, electric cable, pharmaceuti
Calcium gluconate is a mineral supplement. It is manufactured by the neutralization of gluconic acid with lime or calcium carbonate.
A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra
Tosylchloramide or N-chloro tosylamide, sodium salt, sold as chloramine-T, is a N-chlorinated and N-deprotonated sulfonamide used as a biocide and a mild disinfectant. It is a white powder that gives unstable solutions with water.
A dextrodisaccharide from malt and starch. It is used as a sweetening agent and fermentable intermediate in brewing.
Maltitol is a sugar alcohol (a polyol) used as a sugar substitute. It has 75?90% of the sweetness of sucrose (table sugar) and nearly identical properties, except for browning.
Lactose is a disaccharide sugar derived from galactose and glucose that is found in milk.
A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions.
A diuretic and renal diagnostic aid related to sorbitol. It has little significant energy value as it is largely eliminated from the body before any metabolism can take place. It can be used to treat oliguria associated with kidney failure
An iron chelating agent with properties like EDETIC ACID. DTPA has also been used as a chelator for other metals, such as plutonium.
Nitrous acid sodium salt. Used in many industrial processes, in meat curing, coloring, and preserving, and as a reagent in ANALYTICAL CHEMISTRY TECHNIQUES. It is used therapeutically as an antidote in cyanide poisoning. The compound is toxi
Hydroquinone is a Melanin Synthesis Inhibitor. The mechanism of action of hydroquinone is as a Melanin Synthesis Inhibitor. The physiologic effect of hydroquinone is by means of Depigmenting Activity.
Potassium iodide is used to treat overactive thyroid and to protect the thyroid gland from the effects of radiation from inhaled or swallowed radioactive iodine. It may be used before and after administration of medicine containing radioact
Sulfanilamide is a molecule containing the sulfonamide functional group attached to an aniline.
Ethylparaben is a Standardized Chemical Allergen. The physiologic effect of ethylparaben is by means of Increased Histamine Release and Cell-mediated Immunity. The chemical classification of ethylparaben is Allergens.
Edetate Trisodium is used as a chelator.
Extracted from Tonka bean,incense Liatris; Suitability:Alcohol,ether,chloroform,pyridine,volatile oil and alkali hydroxide solution;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Sodium gluconate is the sodium salt of gluconic acid widely used in food and pharmaceutical industry.
Oxyclozanide is a salicylanilide anthelmintic used in the treatment and control of Fascioliasis in ruminants mainly domestic animals like Cattle, Sheep and Goats.
Dried aged bark of a buckthorn, Frangula purshiana (FRANGULA), that contains the anthraquinone EMODIN and cascarosides. It is used as a laxative (CATHARTICS).
An acid-base indicator which is colorless in acid solution, but turns pink to red as the solution becomes alkaline. It is used medicinally as a cathartic.
Panthenol (pantothenol) is the alcohol analog of pantothenic acid (vitamin B5), and is thus a provitamin of B5. In organisms it is quickly oxidized to pantothenate. Panthenol is a highly viscous transparent liquid at room temperature, but s
Chloral Hydrate is a synthetic monohydrate of chloral with sedative, hypnotic, and anticonvulsive properties. Chloral hydrate is converted to the active compound trichloroethanol by hepatic alcohol dehydrogenase. The agent interacts with va
A methylxanthine derivative from tea with diuretic, smooth muscle relaxant, bronchial dilation, cardiac and central nervous system stimulant activities. Mechanistically, theophylline acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor
Glucosamine is commonly used as a treatment for osteoarthritis, although its acceptance as a medical therapy varies. It is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Since gluc
Antimony potassium tartrate, also known as potassium antimonyl tartrate, potassium antimontarterate, or emetic tartar, has the formula K2Sb2(C4H2O6)2 and is the double salt of potassium and antimony of tartaric acid. The compound has long b
Camphor is a bicyclic monoterpene ketone found widely in plants, especially CINNAMOMUM CAMPHORA. It is used topically as a skin antipruritic and as an anti-infective agent.
Vitamin C is a water-soluble vitamin indicated for the prevention and treatment of scurvy.
Nicotinamide (Vitamin B3), a water-soluble vitamin, is an active component of coenzymes NAD and NADP, and also act as an activator of sirtuins.
Extracted from Amber;Suitability:Water;Store the product in sealed,cool and dry condition
Extracted from Dioscorea opposite Thunb
An antiseptic with mild fungistatic, bacteriostatic, anthelmintic, and amebicidal action. It is also used as a reagent and metal chelator, as a carrier for radio-indium for diagnostic purposes, and its halogenated derivatives are used in ad
Aspirin (Acetylsalicylic acid) is a potent and selective inhibitor of cyclooxygenase (COX) with a broad range of pharmacological activities including anti-inflammation and pain relief. Multiple studies have accumulated sufficient evidence t
Azelaic acid is a saturated dicarboxylic acid found naturally in wheat, rye, and barley. It is a natural substance that is produced by Malassezia furfur (also known as Pityrosporum ovale), a yeast that lives on normal skin. It is effective
A radical scavenger and antioxidant which is able to protect against the effects of ischemia, probably by inhibiting the lipoxygenase system. Protects against MPTP-induced neurotoxicity.
A compound used as a topical insect repellent that may cause irritation to eyes and mucous membranes, but not to the skin.
Butylparaben is a Standardized Chemical Allergen. The physiologic effect of butylparaben is by means of Increased Histamine Release and Cell-mediated Immunity. The chemical classification of butylparaben is Allergens.
Gluconolactone is a naturally-occurring food additive used as a sequestrant, an acidifier, or a curing, pickling, or leavening agent. It is a cyclic ester of D-gluconic acid. Pure gluconolactone is a white odorless crystalline powder.
Piperazine is an organic compound that consists of a six-membered ring containing two opposing nitrogen atoms. Piperazine exists as small alkaline deliquescent crystals with a saline taste. Piperazine was introduced to medicine as a solvent
Methenamine is an antibiotic used for the treatment of urinary tract infection.
Acetanilide is an aniline derivative and has possess analgesic.
A colorless liquid with a sharp burning taste and slight odor. It is used as a local anesthetic and to reduce pain associated with LIDOCAINE injection. Also, it is used in the manufacture of other benzyl compounds, as a pharmaceutic aid, an
Chlorophenols are commonly used as pesticides, herbicides, and disinfectants.
Resorcinol crystallizes from benzene as colorless needles that are readily soluble in water, alcohol, and ether, but insoluble in chloroform and carbon disulfide. It reduces Fehling's solution and ammoniacal silver solutions. It does not fo
BHT is also used as an antioxidant additive in such diverse products as cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, rubber, electrical transformer oil.
Salicylamide is the common name for the substance o-hydroxybenzamide, or amide of salicyl. Salicylamide is a non-prescription drug with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its medicinal uses are similar to those of aspirin. Salicylamide i
An antimicrobial, antiseptic, and disinfectant that is used also as an aromatic essence and preservative in pharmaceutics and perfumery.
An anthranilic acid derivative with analgesic properties used for the relief of all types of pain.
Iron(II) fumarate, also known as ferrous fumarate, is the iron(II) salt of fumaric acid, occurring as a reddish-orange powder, used to supplement iron intake.
From an industrial perspective, it is the most important dicarboxylic acid, mainly as a precursor for the production of nylon.
Trometamol is a proton acceptor used to treat acidemia.
Extracted?from?Palm tree fruit;Store?the?product?in?sealed,?cool?and?dry?condition
Daidzein is a natural isoflavone phytoestrogen found in Leguminosae, used as a component of foods and dietary supplements.
Ferulic Acid is a hydroxycinnamic acid and a type of organic compound found in the Ferula assafoetida L. or Ligusticum chuanxiong.
Rhamnose (Rham) is a naturally occurring deoxy sugar. It can be classified as either a methyl-pentose or a 6-deoxy-hexose. Rhamnose occurs in nature in its L-form as L-rhamnose (6-deoxy-L-mannose).
A dextrodisaccharide from malt and starch. It is used as a sweetening agent and fermentable intermediate in brewing. (Grant and Hackh's Chemical Dictionary, 5th ed)



uch as hay fever), asthma for patients unresponsive to less potent corticosteroids, and penile phimosis. In terms of steroid strength, it is more potent than hydrocortisone, and less potent than dexamethasone.

llular carcinoma (primary liver cancer), and has since performed well in Phase III trials. Sorafenib is a small molecular inhibitor of Raf kinase, PDGF (platelet-derived growth factor), VEGF receptor 2 & 3 kinases and c Kit the receptor for

or control of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The drug works to competitively inhibit a protein/enzyme, dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), that results in an increased amount of active incretins (GLP-1 and GIP), reduced amount of release of glucagon

ular carcinoma (primary liver cancer), and has since performed well in Phase III trials.
Sorafenib is a small molecular inhibitor of Raf kinase, PDGF (platelet-derived growth factor), VEGF receptor 2 & 3 kinases and c Kit the receptor for
abel uses include treatment of cocaine dependence.





 dutasteride inhibits both isoforms of 5-alpha reductase, finasteride inhibits only one. Even so, a clinical study done by GlaxoSmithKline, the EPICS trial, did not find dutasteride to be more effective than finasteride in treating BPH.

 conjunction with the chemotherapy drug Capecitabine. Lapatinib is human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2/ERBB2) and epidermal growth factor receptor (HER1/EGFR/ERBB1) tyrosine kinases inhibitor. It binds to the intracellular p


n and RNA during transcription. The incorporation of Decitabine into DNA or RNA inhibits methyltransferase thereby causing demethylation in that sequence. This adversely affects the way that cell regulatory proteins are able to bind to the
lesterol (LDL-C) as well as the serum apolipoprotein B. It also increases high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels and apolipoprotein A-I levels. In addition to these, fluvastatin has antiatherogenic, antithrombotic and antioxida









renin secretion. The resulting increased plasma renin activity and aldosterone circulating levels do not overcome the effects of eplerenone. Eplerenone selectively binds to recombinant human mineralocorticoid receptors relative to its bindi
rring substances: epinephrine and norepinephrine.








cular disease.
 and agitation and aggression in the elderly.
r the proprietary name Tequin? for the treatment of respiratory tract infections, having licensed the medication from Kyorin Pharmaceutical Company of Japan. Allergan produces an eye-drop formulation called Zymar?. Gatifloxacin is available



enantiomer, S-citalopram and S-demthylcitalopram. Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be




reatment of influenza. Although its mechanism of action is not fully known the effects seem to be due to an influence on the virus host-cell system.
mount that reaches the central nervous system and reducing the required dose. It has no antiparkinson actions when given alone.
ial carcinoma and in breast cancer. Megestrol acetate has been approved to treat anorexia and cachexia. (From Reynolds JEF(Ed): Martindale: The Extra Pharmacopoeia (electronic version). Micromedex, Inc, Englewood, CO, 1995)
s increases acetylcholine release in the enteric nervous system.
on and migration and reducing tumor vessel permeability. This agent also blocks the tyrosine kinase activity of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), a receptor tyrosine kinase that mediates tumor cell proliferation and migration and ang
NA and RNA. In the in vitro assay, daunorubicin inhibits the incorporation of thymidine and uridine into L1210 cells. It also inhibits the incorporation of labeled precursors into the isolated DNA and RNA from incubated cells. When treated





y relapsing forms.



e iodothyronine nucleus. The hormone finally delivered and used by the tissues is mainly T3.



r PIs in that it can be given once-daily (rather than requiring multiple doses per day) and has lesser effects on the patient?s lipid profile (the amounts of cholesterol and other fatty substances in the blood). Like other protease inhibito


tene ring. In vivo, abacavir sulfate dissociates to its free base, abacavir.
se inhibitors such as neostigmine. The neuromuscular block produced by cisatracurium besylate is readily antagonized by anticholinesterase agents once recovery has started. As with other nondepolarizing neuromuscular blocking agents, the mo
 of its selective effects on the immune system. It prevents the proliferation of T-cells, lymphocytes, and the formation of antibodies from B-cells. It also may inhibit recruitment of leukocytes to inflammatory sites. (From Gilman et al., G
agents and has a relatively low affinity for D1 receptors. It has only low to moderate affinity for cholinergic and alpha-adrenergic receptors. Some electrophysiologic data from animals indicate that molindone has certain characteristics th
ll division, but it does not actively kill them. Procarbazine interferes with cells at a number of sites to prevent DNA and protein synthesis and mitosis. Procarbazine hydrochloride (Matulane) is used in the treatment of Hodgkin?s lymphoma
 is usually grouped with the central muscle relaxants.
y donating nitric oxide to activate the enzyme guanylate cyclase. Guanylate cyclase causes activation of cGMP leading to both arterial and venous vasodilatation by de-phosphorylation of the myosin light chain.
ug.

riety of viruses such as the herpes viruses, the VACCINIA VIRUS and varicella zoster virus.

itor like vinca alkaloids, paclitaxel promotes the polymerization of tubulin instead of inducing the disassembly of microtubules, which inhibits the microtubules disassembly and promotes the formation of excessively stable, dysfunctional mi

on. The FDA has approved naltrexone for the treatment of alcohol dependence.
ated by the relaxation of smooth muscle in the corpus cavernosum and its associated arterioles. During sexual stimulation, nitric oxide is released from nerve endings and endothelial cells in the corpus cavernosum. Nitric oxide activates th



 Single preoperative oral dose (120 mg) of Etoricoxib, given one hour before surgery, has significantly reduced the post operative pain at rest and movement and improved sleep in patients undergoing single level diskectomy without any side



nt with Roflumilast is associated with an increase in psychiatric adverse reactions, including suicide and suicidal attempts.


Venous Vasodilation. The chemical classification of alprostadil is Prostaglandins.




 neoplastic conditions.










ptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release.
ells;


 of serotonin receptors.




n-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. I

 blood brain barrier, which - among others - regulates nausea and vomiting (area postrema on the floor of the fourth ventricle and rhomboid fossa).
as a treatment for ALZHEIMER DISEASE and other central nervous system disorders.



by Elanco Animal Health, a division of Eli Lilly and Company, for use in food animals for growth promotion.
ten used with methoprene, an insect growth regulator that interrupts the insect's biological life cycle by killing the eggs.





al discomfort, bloating and constipation associated with irritable bowel syndrome. On March 30, 2007, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration requested that Novartis withdraw Zelnorm from shelves. The FDA alleges a relationship between prescr
atory action.

glutaminergic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, while gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptors are activated. Reports indicate that acamprosate only works with a combination of attending support groups and abstinence from alcohol. Certain ser
















ve demonstrated high efficacy in the treatment of infections of various body systems. Its effectiveness is enhanced when it is administered in combination with CILASTATIN, a renal dipeptidase inhibitor.
ssion.

 particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)








member of the cytochrome p450 family that catalyzes the 17alpha-hydroxylation of steroid intermediates involved in testosterone synthesis. Administration of this agent may suppress testosterone production by both the testes and the adrenals

on, and inhibiting angiogenesis. This agent may sensitize drug-resistant tumor cells to other antineoplastic agents, possibly through a mechanism involving the down-regulation of thymidylate synthase.
ted, this agent appears to inhibit acetylcholinesterase (AchE), an enzyme responsible for the breakdown of acetylcholine (Ach). Increased Ach concentrations lead to an improvement of gastric emptying and GI motility and eventually to a redu

perfamily. Activation of TPO-R leads to the proliferation and differentiation of megakaryocytes, thereby increasing the production of blood platelets.
olinergic terminals. Hemicholinium 3 is commonly used as a research tool in animal and in vitro experiments.
lar resistance.


pectively.




it is converted to an active sulfenamide form that binds to cysteine sulfhydryl groups on the luminal aspect of the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting the pump's activity and the parie



tant.

, for relief of anxiety and tension, and as a sedative.







 synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species.

ely and irreversibly binds to and inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptors 1 (ErbB1; EGFR), 2 (ErbB2; HER2), and 4 (ErbB4; HER4), and certain EGFR mutants, including those caused by EGFR exon 19 deletion mutations or exon 21 (L858R) m



a. Reboxetine has two chiral centers, but it only exists as two enantiomers, (R,R)-(-)- and (S,S)-(+)-reboxetine.



nseng's efficacy. Because ginsenosides appear to affect multiple pathways, their effects are complex and difficult to isolate. Rg1 Appears to be most abundant in Panax ginseng (Chinese/Korean Ginseng). It improves spatial learning and incre










vasodilation. This leads to an increase in coronary blood flow and enhances myocardial perfusion. Compared to adenosine, regadenoson has a longer half-life and shows higher selectivity towards the A2A adenosine receptor. This agent is a ver

togen hormonal contraceptive.




for degrading a large variety of cellular proteins. Inhibition of proteasome-mediated proteolysis results in an accumulation of polyubiquinated proteins, which may lead to cell cycle arrest, induction of apoptosis, and inhibition of tumor g
omplex that binds to and inhibits the activation of the mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR), a key regulatory kinase. Inhibition of mTOR activation results in the inhibition of T lymphocyte activation and proliferation associated with anti
ed to control some types of seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. Felbamate acts on the central nervous system (CNS) to make it more difficult for seizures to start or to continue. This medicine cannot cure epilepsy and will only work to c

ng MRSA and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus epidermidis (MRSE).



s, which are often overexpressed in a variety of cancer cell types, including hepatocyte growth factor receptor (MET), RET (rearranged during transfection), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor types 1 (VEGFR-1), 2 (VEGFR-2), and 3 (



C50 of 31 and 3500 nM. Phase 3.

lerance of other tyrosine kinase Bcr-Abl inhibitors



e marrow and HSC movement into the peripheral circulation.






both B-cell activation and B-cell-mediated signaling. This leads to an inhibition of the growth of malignant B cells that overexpress BTK. BTK, a member of the src-related BTK/Tec family of cytoplasmic tyrosine kinases, is required for B ce

nd are known to be activated in cancer cells to drive tumor growth. AML patients with FLT3 mutations experience earlier disease relapse and shorter survival rates compared to patients without these mutations. Approximately 25 to 30 percent
e name Chirocaine. Compared to bupivacaine, levobupivacaine is associated with less vasodilation and has a longer duration of action. It is approximately 13 per cent less potent (by molarity) than racemic bupivacaine.Levobupivacaine is indi
tion).



ly drug therapy-resistant missense mutation of Bcr-Abl. This agent also inhibits other tyrosine kinases including those associated with vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs) and fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs); in




and cholerectic.

 growth factor-mediated cell signaling and cellular proliferation in various cancers. MEK 1 and 2, dual specificity threonine/tyrosine kinases often upregulated in various cancer cell types, play a key role in the activation of the RAS/RAF/
of the NA-K(+)-exchanging ATPase.


risk for side effects than many other antipsychotics) it is not gold standard in antiemetic therapy.
st control for other domestic animals, Anopheles mosquitoes, ants, gypsy moths, and other agricultural pests.



. It is a derivative of sirolimus and is sold as Torisel.




d.

)?protein kinase C (PKC) pathway?of hyperglycemic damage and prevent experimental diabetic retinopathy. Benfotiamine is a synthetic S-acyl derivative of thiamine (vitamin B1) for treating sciatica and other painful nerve conditions. More ef
 receptors (10-100 ?M).

ch has shown
th muscle and causing vasoconstriction in both arteries and veins. Ergotamine tartrate also blocks serotonin 5-HT1D receptors, thereby also causing vasoconstriction in cerebral blood vessels. Constriction of cerebral blood vessels caused by
 allowing GLP-1 and GIP to potentiate the secretion of insulin in the beta cells and suppress glucaon release by the alpha cells of the islets of Langerhans in the pancreas. It is currently in clinical trials in the U.S. and has been shown



ng and increased water intake in adult male P rats.Studies has indicated that doxazosin could inhibit TNF-? expression in LPS-induced systemic inflammation model as well as reduce the MCP-1 production in LPS-induced pulmonary inflammation m
imary dysmenorrhoea in adolescents and adults above 12 years old. Due to concerns about the risk of hepatotoxicity, nimesulide has been withdrawn from market in many countries.


trexate polyglutamates are active inhibitors of several enzymatic reactions, including dihydrofolate reductase.

ition of both DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, which are essential for bacterial growth.

milar to somatostatin, this agent also suppresses the luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone, decreases splanchnic blood flow, and inhibits the release of serotonin, gastrin, vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP), secr






r PIs in that it can be given once-daily (rather than requiring multiple doses per day) and has lesser effects on the patient's lipid profile (the amounts of cholesterol and other fatty substances in the blood). Like other protease inhibito

 conjunction with the chemotherapy drug Capecitabine. Lapatinib is human epidermal growth factor receptor type 2 (HER2/ERBB2) and epidermal growth factor receptor (HER1/EGFR/ERBB1) tyrosine kinases inhibitor. It binds to the intracellular p








d for skin disorders.
ession.





 head lice in some countries.




cation, in URINARY INCONTINENCE, in MOTION SICKNESS, as an antispasmodic, and as a mydriatic and cycloplegic.



d piperidine functional groups in its chemical structure.


rials as an adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures in adult patients with refractory epilepsy. FDA approved in June 10, 2011 under the name of ezogabine.






loride (GluCl) channels, resulting in central nervous system toxicity. This causes hyperexcitation of contaminated insects' nerves and muscles. Specificity of fipronil on insects may come from a better efficacy on GABA receptor, but also be


 formation of clots. Dabigatran etexilate may be used to decrease the risk of venous thromboembolic events in patients who have undergone total hip or knee replacement surgery, or to prevent stroke and systemic embolism in patients with atr



steinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene, and results in less inflammation. Because of its method of operation, it is not





activity.




ive decline seen in stroke victims. It has been found to be effective for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension.



inal side effects and possibly with reduced sexual side effects and weight gain. Vilazodone is an antidepressant agent that can used as an alternative for patients who cannot tolerate therapy with other antidepressant classes such as select



issue and bone infections.
ns for clinical use include Quincke?s edema, allergic reactions to insect bites, food and drug allergies, and anaphylactic shock.

orm benazeprilat, a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor.
 blocking the action of adrenaline on smooth muscle of the bladder and the blood vessel walls.


haracteristics,treatment of vaginal atrophy,treatment of some types of breast cancer (particularly in men and postmenopausal women), treatment of prostate cancer and prevention of osteoporosis.


rious conditions such as back pain and menstrual relief. The acetaminophen helps reduce menstrual pains and the pamabrom reduces associated bloating.

es not affect monoamine oxidase activity. It differs from TCAs in that it does not appear to block serotonin reuptake. Maprotiline may be used to treat depressive affective disorders, including dysthymic disorder (depressive neurosis) and m

sses some anticholinergic and local anesthetic properties.

 neoplastic conditions.


 ed, p810)
ranes, has keratolytic actions, has been used to treat warts and keratoses, and may have antineoplastic properties, as do some of its congeners and derivatives.
ng visualization of these areas. This contrast agent is used as a diagnostic aid in angiography, urography and radiography.




od-brain barrier.

on with MESTRANOL.
ission and reducing the occurrence of motor and vocal tics and delusions of parasitosis. In addition, this agent antagonizes alpha-adrenergic and 5-HT2 receptors.






hereby reducing autophosphorylation in cells, apparently by targeting a cysteine residue in the ATP-binding pocket of the receptor. Treatment of cells with this agent results in inhibition of downstream signal transduction events and cell c
on is used to select for patients suitable for treatment. FDA approved in August 26, 2011.
l vessels. It is used in ASTHMA and CARDIAC FAILURE and to delay absorption of local ANESTHETICS.
 a phosphate group from ATP to a protein in cells. It is shown that tyrosine kinase plays a pivotal role in the management of disorders in which activation of c-Abl, PDGFR, or c-Kit signaling. Recently, the role of tyrosine kinases in the m


glucose.


targets the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase. It binds in a reversible fashion to the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) binding site of the receptor. Erlotinib has recently been shown to be a potent inhibitor of JAK2V617F
in, and kallikrein, but not of chymotrypsin and aprotinin.
e the nuclear transcription factor peroxisome-proliferator-activated receptor-? (PPAR?). As a TZD, rosiglitazone improves the sensitivity of end organs to insulin through PPAR? activation which poteniates them to lower concentrations of blo













cterial infections. It has been structurally modified by thionyl chloride to its more commonly known 7-chloro-7-deoxy derivative, clindamycin.

kinesia.
rotonin at the

p1312)



s a rapid unblocking kinetics. Memantine is used clinically in spasticity, Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease. Memantine is found to attenuate the deleterious action of A? in the in vitro numerous studies. It is probably due to the
eveloped by the European pharmaceutical company Servier Laboratories Ltd. Servier continue to develop the drug and conduct phase III trials in the European Union.





st HIV-1.  Adefovir dipivoxil is the diester prodrug of adefovir.
ract (like rhinopharyngitis, laryngitis, tracheobronchitis, otitis and sinusitis), as well as for maintenance treatment of asthma.






ra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1006)


col and methanol to their toxic metabolites.

tment of bipolar disorder in the United States.




e-dependent Ca channels and Ca2+ influx, and eventually increases insulin release.



ypes with a potency consistent with the high affinities at the mAChR subtypes






teoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
c modality, but has also shown efficacy in the hematological disorders known as the myelodysplastic syndromes.  FDA approved on December 27, 2005.
ion approved in the USA for this purpose.
is. Rosuvastatin belongs to a class of medications called statins and is used to reduce plasma cholesterol levels and prevent cardiovascular disease.













ination with other antineoplastic agents in chemotherapy protocols. It produces consistent but acceptable myelosuppression and cardiotoxic effects.
ic profile and is not primarily eliminated by the renal system. FDA approved on May 2, 2011.
















 c-myc and c-fos. This agent inhibits tumor cell growth by inducing apoptosis and cell cycle arrest.
nseng's efficacy. Because ginsenosides appear to affect multiple pathways, their effects are complex and difficult to isolate. Rb1 appears to be most abundant in Panax quinquefolius (American Ginseng). Rb1 seems to affect the reproductive s

 is commonly





rette smoke extract.



m stoichiometry of one mole docetaxel per mole tubulin in microtubules.

s a glucocorticoid receptor antagonist, the drug has been used to treat hypercortisolism in patients with nonpituitary CUSHING SYNDROME.


 approved on September 4, 2012.
file and shows activity in cases of CML resistant to treatment with imatinib (Gleevec?), another tyrosine kinase inhibitor currently used as a first-line treatment.
amage, and other toxic effects.


st multiple cells types and mediators involved in allergic and nonallergic-mediated inflammatory. Besides, the anti-inflammatory action of budesonide has been revealed to contribute to the efficacy in asthma.

 however a 2005 survey concluded that miltefosine is the only effective oral treatment for both forms of leishmaniasis.


rillation and in the management of congestive heart failure with atrial fibrillation. Its use in congestive heart failure and sinus rhythm is less certain. The margin between toxic and therapeutic doses is small. (From Martindale, The Extra




1B and alpha-1D; their distribution differs between human organs and tissue. Approximately 70% of the alpha1-receptors in human prostate are of the alpha-1A subtype. Blockage of these receptors causes relaxation of smooth muscles in the bla
ted by AstraZeneca under the trade name Iressa.
bine is used in paediatrics to treat a type of leukaemia called relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL), only after at least two other types of treatment have failed. It is not known if the drug extends life expectancy. S




to Titan Pharmaceuticals. Titan then handed over worldwide development, manufacturing and marketing rights to Novartis in August 1998. On June 9, 2004, Titan Pharmaceuticals announced that the Phase III development rights have been acquired


udes a black-box warning of injury and death to the fetus, so women of child-bearing age need to be warned and take the necessary precautions. Olmesartan is also contraindicated in diabetes mellitus patients taking aliskiren.
The compound is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication at low concentrations, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA by binding to reverse transcriptase. Its principal toxic side effect is axonal degeneration resulting in peripheral neuro
 neoplastic conditions.
reference to tricyclic antidepressants, which aggravate this condition.


ctivity.


tor blocker to be approved for use anywhere in the world. Rimonabant is approved in 38 countries including the E.U., Mexico, and Brazil. It was rejected for approval for use in the United States. This decision was made after a U.S. advisory
 gland and uterine tissue.

ergic antidepressant (NaSSA). It is the only tetracyclic antidepressant that has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat depression.
rebrovascular and traumatic origins.
me users of SSRI antidepressant drugs. Pramipexole has shown robust effects on pilot studies in bipolar disorder. Pramipexole is classified as a non-ergoline dopamine agonist.

activity at dopamine and serotonin receptors. Specifically the D1 and D2 dopamine, the alpha 1 adrenoreceptor and alpha 2 adrenoreceptor, and 5-HT1A and 5-HT2 serotonin receptor subtypes are antagonized. Quetiapine also has an antagonistic


n Japan in 1997.

s shows it to be closer to the natural progesterone. As such it has anti-mineralocorticoid properties, counteracts the estrogen-stimulated activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, and is not androgenic. It was shown in animal s




ycan synthesis.
xitinib is indicated.


ons with gram-negative organisms, but may be neurotoxic and nephrotoxic.
ystem (RAAS); they compete with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs

cinogen.





activity.
by proteolysis and secreted into the blood. Thyroxine is peripherally deiodinated to form TRIIODOTHYRONINE which exerts a broad spectrum of stimulatory effects on cell metabolism.


pproved for use in the European Union by the European Commission on December 3, 2010. The drug was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration on July 20, 2011.

smoking cessation.
al intubation and to provide skeletal muscle relaxation during surgery or mechanical ventilation.
Introduced in 1994, rocuronium has rapid onset, and intermediate duration of action. It is marketed under the trade name of Zemuron in the Un

orders, nasal infections, and wound healing.


eins and ALK point mutation variants. Inhibition of ALK leads to both the disruption of ALK-mediated signaling and the inhibition of cell growth in ALK-overexpressing tumor cells. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an




. It has been used as an antihypertensive and an antipsychotic as well as a research tool, but its adverse effects limit its clinical use.



ack.

o used to increase blood pressure.
ess inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins.
tion in vitro.
the same species.

ynthetically. It is more heat-stable than capsaicin.
rheumatoid arthritis, AIDS, and other primary immunodeficiencies.



han nicotine replacement therapy. Also known as baptitoxine or sophorine, cytisine has been used as a smoking cessation treatment since 1964, and is relatively unknown in regions outside of central and Eastern Europe. Cytisine is a partial
 inhibitor (e.g., carbidopa), increased and more sustained plasma levodopa concentrations are reached as compared to the administration of levodopa and a decarboxylase inhibitor.
percutaneous coronary intervention. Argatroban is a non-heparin anticoagulant shown to both normalize platelet count in patients with HIT and prevent the formation of thrombi. Parental anticoagulants must be stopped and a baseline activated
ot approved for use in humans.

ood glucose-lowering drugs and is currently co-marketed in Japan by Kissei and Takeda.

e drowsiness or anticholinergic side effects.


lysis by beta-lactamases. The drug has a high rate of efficacy in many types of infection and to date no severe side effects have been noted.
cea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, is used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
 the U.S., but the drug is used in various countries.
ral d form of alpha-tocopherol is more active than its synthetic dl-alpha-tocopherol racemic mixture.



y for the treatment of asthma. Fluticasone proprionate is marketed under several different brand names such as Flonase?. Fluticasone propionate is also available as a combination product of azelastine hydrochloride and fluticasone propionat

p752)


r derivative used as a food additive and in alternative medicine. Chlorophyll is present in green leafy vegetables and reaching levels as high as 5.7% in spinach.





ion with gram-positive organisms.



ted to be relatively free of cardiotoxicity, drowsiness, and weight gain.
iting that appear more than 24 hours after the first dose of a course of chemotherapy and is the only drug of its class approved for this use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. As of 2008, it is the most recent 5-HT3 antagonist to en

nic receptors located in the airways to produce smooth muscle relaxation, thus producing a bronchodilatory effect.



 Lomefloxacin hydrochloride (Maxaquin) is also used to prevent urinary tract infections prior to surgery.
. They are often used as part of the treatment for a number of different diseases, such as severe allergies or skin problems, asthma, or arthritis. Endogenous glucocorticoids and some synthetic corticoids have high affinity to the protein t

eceptors). Consequently, Nilutamide blocks the action of androgens of adrenal and testicular origin that stimulate the growth of normal and malignant prostatic tissue. Prostate cancer is mostly androgen-dependent and can be treated with sur


ndesartan, during absorption in the gastrointestinal tract. Candesartan lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); it competes with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor
topoisomerase II binding. Accumulated breaks in DNA prevent cells from entering into the mitotic phase of the cell cycle, and lead to cell death. Teniposide acts primarily in the G2 and S phases of the cycle.








atment of asthma and enhances the action of specific antineoplastic agents.

ation antihistamines, does not readily pass through the blood-brain barrier, and so causes less drowsiness than first-generation histamine-receptor antagonists.

causing inhibition of the action of angiotensin II on vascular smooth muscle, ultimately leading to a reduction in arterial blood pressure. Recent studies suggest that telmisartan may also have PPAR-gamma agonistic properties that could pot






for the S phase of the cell cycle. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p472)


es, including topically.
yes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis. Pemirolast is potentially useful for prophylaxis of pulmonary hypersensitivity reactions to drugs such as paclitaxel.




 dependence and has shown no potential for abuse.
retinoin can be teratogenic. It is used in the treatment of PSORIASIS; ACNE VULGARIS; and several other SKIN DISEASES. It has also been approved for use in promyelocytic leukemia (LEUKEMIA, PROMYELOCYTIC, ACUTE).
 so far been shown to be superior to olmesartan and valsartan in lowering blood pressure.

teroid therapy) and hypertension.

ion of carbon dioxide and the dehydration of carbonic acid. In humans, carbonic anhydrase exists as a number of isoenzymes, the most active being carbonic anhydrase II (CA-II). Inhibition of carbonic anhydrase in the ciliary processes of th



ty in cell line
e. Clopidogrel is sold under the name Plavix by Sanofi and Bristol-Myers Squibb. The drug is an irreversible inhibitor of the P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate receptor found on the membranes of platelet cells. Clopidogrel use is associated with



idal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine.

ponents, which leads to cell death.
nsformation in the liver to its active metabolite, R-138727. R-138727 irreversibly binds to P2Y12 type ADP receptors on platelets thus preventing activation of the GPIIb/IIIa receptor complex. As a result, inhibition of ADP-mediated platele

e cytidine, during DNA replication. The process arrests tumor growth, as new nucleosides cannot be attached to the ""faulty"" nucleoside, resulting in apoptosis (cellular ""suicide""). Gemcitabine is used in various carcinomas: non-small ce




ine is marketed under the brand name Ticlid and is indicated for patients who cannot take aspirin or in whom aspirin has not worked to prevent a thrombotic stroke. The FDA label includes a black-box warning of neutropenia, aplastic anemia,

d anti-inflammatory effect and is given to control the leprosy reaction, erythema nodosum leprosum. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1993, p1619)

s by inhibiting the initiation of bacterial protein synthesis.
raine disorders and tremor.
 effects on the endocrine system are utilized in the treatments of hirsutism and acne but they can lead to adverse effects. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p827).



d organs. It can also be used in the treatment of certain types of cancers.

e loss of potassium and an increase in serum uric acid. Thiazides are often used to treat hypertension, but their hypotensive effects are not necessarily due to their diuretic activity. Thiazides have been shown to prevent hypertension-rela
ine at postganglionic parasympathetic neuroeffector sites. It is used for the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowe














at breast cancer, ovarian cancer and bladder cancer. It is also used as conditioning for Bone marrow transplantation. Its main toxicity is myelosuppression.



ostaglandin biosynthesis, a property that explains the particularly pronounced efficacy of the drug. Lornoxicam is approved for use in Japan.


l ulcers and due to its cytoprotective action is beneficial in the prevention of duodenal ulcer recurrence. It also potentiates the effect of other antiulcer agents such as CIMETIDINE and RANITIDINE. It is generally well tolerated by patien

ating genes encoding cyclooxygenase-2.
ars to mediate its antipsychotic effects primarily by partial agonism at the D2 receptor. In addition to partial agonist activity at the D2 receptor, aripiprazole is also a partial agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor, and like the other atypical



ugh. The use of ARBs is pending revision due to findings from several clinical trials suggesting that this class of drugs may be associated with a small increased risk of cancer.
Gram-positive bacteria.
rs associated with insomnia and anxiety. This drug does not aggravate psychotic symptoms in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p309)
ds to the anionic site of cholinesterase. The drug blocks the active site of acetylcholinesterase so the enzyme can no longer break down the acetylcholine molecules before they reach the postsynaptic membrane receptors. This allows for the




 receptors to activate the adrenal system which causes systemic vasoconstriction, thereby easing nasal congestion.






ion of the survival of motor neuron protein, suggesting it may provide insight into treatments for spinal muscular atrophies.
es. Anastrozole belongs in the class of drugs known as aromatase inhibitors. It inhibits the enzyme aromatase, which is responsible for converting androgens (produced by women in the adrenal glands) to estrogens.
contraction. These effects contribute to inflammation, edema, mucus secretion, and bronchoconstriction in the airways of asthmatic patients. Zileuton relieves such symptoms through its selective inhibition of 5-lipoxygenase, the enzyme that

al poisoning.




at hepatic metastases of gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas and for palliation in malignant neoplasms of the liver and gastrointestinal tract.
praspinal sites, generally the reduction of excitatory transmission.

 is referred to as levalbuterol.
ountries (e.g., Canada, Europe) in 1999.

tilbestrol has been listed as a known carcinogen. (Merck, 11th ed)
re released following first-pass metabolism. The 3 active metabolites exhibit mucolytic and free radical scavenging activity. Erdosteine modulates mucus production and viscosity and increases mucociliary transport, thereby improving expecto
ium spp. and may be used to treat infections caused by P. falciparum and unidentified Plasmodium species, including infections acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas.
985-1995). It was generally well tolerated, with the majority of adverse effects being mild, such as gastro-intestinal pain and nausea, similar to those recorded with aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. It is no longer
 use in the estrogen-progestin combination preparations of oral contraceptives.
nctional uterine bleeding, endometriosis, and for contraception.
sult, erythropoiesis, the production of new red blood cells, is impaired. FDA approved on October 14, 2011.
 being studied for use in the management of vasomotor symptoms in postmenopausal women. It is formulated as an extended release tablet. FDA approved in 2008.

 the aromatase enzyme, and is processed to an intermediate that binds irreversibly to the active site of the enzyme causing its inactivation.

ta-lactam antibiotics have been used successfully for the therapy of infections caused by organisms resistant to the antibiotic alone.






reas to stimulate insulin release. Nateglinide is an amino acid derivative that induces an early insulin response to meals decreasing postprandial blood glucose levels. It should only be taken with meals and meal-time doses should be skippe
c environment is instantly protonated and binds competitively and reversibly to the potassium binding site of the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting the pump's activity and the parieta

 tract epithelial cells as well as in hepatocytes.

M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor.

nase II (COX II), an enzyme which converts arachidonic acid to cyclic endoperoxides, precursors of prostaglandins (PG). By inhibiting PG formation, bromfenac is able to inhibit PG-induced inflammation, thereby preventing vasodilation, leuko





nation as well as its short duration of action and easy reversibility provide advantages over, or alternatives to, other established neuromuscular blocking agents.



tivity of the aromatase enzyme. Letrozole blocks production of estrogens in this way by competitive, reversible binding to the heme of its cytochrome P450 unit. The action is specific, and letrozole does not reduce production of mineralo- o

 the most prevalent oral mucosal disease in humans, estimated to affect between 5% and 50% of the general population.

 of amrinone.
ck during or after treatment with other medicines. It is the first in a new class of agents known as histone deacetylase inhibitors. A recent study suggested that vorinostat also possesses some activity against recurrent glioblastoma multif


Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (Merck Index, 11th ed)
icholinergic activity, through its affinity to muscarinic receptors.





l vessels. It is used in ASTHMA and CARDIAC FAILURE and to delay absorption of local ANESTHETICS.

icularly effective in older patients.
reas to stimulate insulin release. Repaglinide induces an early insulin response to meals decreasing postprandial blood glucose levels. It should only be taken with meals and meal-time doses should be skipped with any skipped meal. Approxim


untries, and Adaferin in India.

 DNA topology and assists in DNA replication, repair, deactivation, and transcription.
ness.
up to the amino nitrogen.
mones. It also acts as a prohormone to 4-hydroxytestosterone, an active steroid which displays weak androgenic activity in addition to acting as a mild aromatase inhibitor. It is listed as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Age












h it is usually chemically modified and combined with other medications. The drug is also being studied as a treatment for cancer.
 used now as a research tool.


ed for centuries as a natural remedy in some Asian countries. Tauroursodeoxycholic acid is being investigated for use in several conditions such as Primary Biliary Cirrhosis (PBC), insulin resistance, amyloidosis, Cystic Fibrosis, Cholestas
teoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.


rative pain (PAIN, POSTOPERATIVE).
e, wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by methyl groups.











tion and does not acidify urine directly. It is used, in addition to antibiotics or medical procedures, to treat chronic urea-splitting urinary infections.
known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin comes in an 800 mg scored tablet. It previously came






 of CORTICOSTEROIDS. Therefore, glycyrrhizic acid, which is the main and sweet component of licorice, has been investigated for its ability to cause hypermineralocorticoidism with sodium retention and potassium loss, edema, increased blood
uses higher amounts of 5-FU to stay inside the cells and kill them. Ftorafur is a type of antimetabolite.


ecting duct. Negative potential reduces secretion of potassium and hydrogen ions.













ls, thereby preventing vascular and myocardial contraction. This results in a dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries, decreased myocardial contractility, increased blood flow and oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, and





rease its effectiveness. The drug also inhibits the metabolism of leukotriene D4 to leukotriene E4.























hstein's substance G. Adrenosterone occurs in trace amounts in humans as well as most mammals and in larger amounts in fish, where it is a precursor to the primary androgen, 11-ketotestosterone.





g-remitting (RR) and/or secondary progressive (SP) multiple sclerosis (MS). Ibudilast is currently in development in the U.S. (codes: AV-411 or MN-166), but is approved for use as an antiinflammatory in Japan.






.





steinyl leukotriene receptor CysLT1 in the lungs and bronchial tubes by binding to it. This reduces the bronchoconstriction otherwise caused by the leukotriene, and results in less inflammation. Because of its method of operation, it is not



diol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.
rders




ows the transit of ova through the fallopian tubes.

 sodium retentive.


aropin.

cleobase adenine. As a substituent it takes the form of the prefix adenylyl-.
M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor.

lable or suitable.




ecting duct. Negative potential reduces secretion of potassium and hydrogen ions. Amiloride is used in conjunction with DIURETICS to spare POTASSIUM loss. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics,







rks both by down-regulating and by degrading the estrogen receptor.


and an inverse agonist for hCAR.

d growth factor receptor (PDGF-R), which may result in inhibition of angiogenesis in tumors in which these receptors are upregulated.


erived from a variety of CAROTENOIDS found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products.




 major product





 some aspects of Parkinson's disease. It is closely related to diphenhydramine. Therefore, it is related to other drugs used for Parkinson's, such as benztropine and trihexyphenidyl, and it is also structurally related to nefopam, which is




ale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p739)
ipimox inhibits the production of triglycerides by the liver and the secretion of VLDL, which leads indirectly to a modest reduction in LDL and increase in HDL. Long-term administration is associated with reduced mortality, but unwanted eff

isplays immunosuppressive and anti-angiogenic activity. It inhibits release of TUMOR NECROSIS FACTOR-ALPHA from monocytes, and modulates other cytokine action.


nox-Gastaut syndrome (a disorder that causes seizures and developmental delays). It is also Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for, and now most frequently prescribed for, the prevention of migraines. . A combination product contai




yme.
ginal) metabolic agent, which improves myocardial glucose utilization through inhibition of fatty acid metabolism, also known as fatty acid oxidation inhibitor.
no amide group.
. It prolongs cellular action potential, and decreases automaticity. Quinidine also blocks muscarinic and alpha-adrenergic neurotransmission.


ced by ATP depl




rotein SV2A, which is thought to be involved in the regulation of vesicle exocytosis. Although the molecular significance of levetiracetam binding to synaptic vesicle protein SV2A is not understood, levetiracetam and related analogs showed
aropin.
diol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.


 form, pyrazinoic acid which accumulates in the bacilli. Pyrazinoic acid inhibits the enzyme fatty acid synthase (FAS) I, which is required by the bacterium to synthesise fatty acids although this has been discounted.
 of the salicylate family but it is not a derivative of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA).







patients to breathe freely and deeply.
important in regulating movement. A family of receptors (RECEPTORS, DOPAMINE) mediate its action.


without anticholinergic side-effects. The drug is also indicated for treatment of gastrointestinal spasm secondary to organic disorder.
lly.

resses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Pharmacologically, it is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It has not been shown to be effective in contributing to the healing of peptic ulcer, decreasing the rate of recurrence, or
s.

o the stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1,2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phe


abolism from g
on and chemotherapy for inducing cell autophagy to anti-cancer cells proliferation or metastasis [2]. The mechanism of chloroquine diphosphate inducing cells autophagy is arresting cells in G1, up-regulates the expression of p27 and p53 whi

on. Artesunate is used primarily as treatment for malaria; but artesunate has also been shown to be >90% efficacious at reducing egg production in Schistosoma haematobium infection.
ite of various enzymes and binds to sulfhydryl compounds, such as glutathione, cysteine, and SH groups of proteins. In addition, thimerosal activates the InsP3 calcium channel on endoplasmic reticular membrane, thereby triggering the releas
edance.
amide may act by blocking repetitive firing of voltage-gated sodium channels leading to a reduction of T-type calcium channel currents, or by binding allosterically to GABA receptors. This latter action may inhibit the uptake of the inhibit
d of the leaf and in between it and the gel. When dried, it has been used as a bittering agent in commerce


acterial DNA, thereby inhibiting cell division. This mechanism can also affect mammalian cell replication
c muscle cells.

diac output. It should be used cautiously in patients at risk from increased heart rate but may be preferred for patients with bradycardia. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p198)
t can be a precursor to NIACIN, albeit inefficiently, in mammals.
reverse transcriptase, an enzyme crucial to viral production in HIV-infected people.

 experiments as an inhibitor of phospholipase A2.   .



n with embolization. It is also used as an adjunct in the prophylaxis of systemic embolism after myocardial infarction. Warfarin is also used as a rodenticide.




the brains of mammals and is believed to play a role as a neuromodulator or neurotransmitter.

odiesterase type 5 (PDE5). PDE5 is found in particularly high concentrations in the corpus cavernosum, erectile tissue of the penis. It is also found in the retina and vascular endothelium. Increased cGMP results in vasodilation which facil




heral vascular disease and in premature labor.

 origin, and as an adjuvant in the therapy of epilepsy.



cts with good glycemic control and limited microangiopathy.[1]

 as some activity as a muscarinic antagonist.
ue, but as an estrogen (stimulating agent) in cholesterol metabolism, bone density, and cell proliferation in the endometrium.
ded the withdrawal of all medicines containing benfluorex in the European Union, because their risks, particularly the risk of heart valve disease (fenfluramine-like cardiovascular side-effects), are greater than their benefits.
rganisms than third-generation agents. Cefepime is usually reserved to treat severe nosocomial pneumonia, infections caused by multi-resistant microorganisms (e.g. Pseudomonas aeruginosa) and empirical treatment of febrile neutropenia.
ting enzyme, an enzyme which catalyses the formation of angiotensin II from its precursor, angiotensin I. Angiotensin II is a powerful vasoconstrictor and increases blood pressure through a variety of mechanisms. Due to reduced angiotensin
d worldwide.


ase(iNOS; NOS






and it masks the bitter taste of drugs like aloe and quinine. It is effective in the treatment of peptic ulcer and also has expectorant (antitussive) properties.
a via anti-inflammatory cytokine inhibition. Eucalyptol is an effective treatment for nonpurulent rhinosinusitis. Eucalyptol reduces inflammation and pain when applied topically. It kills leukaemia cells in vitro.



 brand name Strattera; by Eli Lilly and Company and as a generic Attentin by Torrent Pharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic available within the United States due to patent restrictions.



e channel blocker. It is one of the widely used ANTITUSSIVES, and is also used to study the involvement of glutamate receptors in neurotoxicity.  [

 disease model. Lithium Citrate has been reported to use as a mood stabilizer when treating bipolar mood disorders (BD) and reduce the risk of self-harm in BD patient. In addition, Lithium Citrate has been found to be the choice drug in tre
YSTEM and inhibits pressure responses to exogenous angiotensin.
dazole and tinidazole.
NDENSED TANNINS. Historically, the term has applied to many compounds and plant extracts able to render skin COLLAGEN impervious to degradation. The word tannin derives from the Celtic word for OAK TREE which was used for leather processing






ic and sedative effects.
Avandaryl). Like other thiazolidinediones, the mechanism of action of rosiglitazone is by activation of the intracellular receptor class of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), specifically PPAR?. Rosiglitazone is a sele



r cerebral vasodilation. The mechanism of its pharmacological actions is not clear, but it apparently can inhibit phosphodiesterases and it may have direct actions on calcium channels.



oderately effective in treating malaria, because the parasite Plasmodium falciparum may be able to use exogenous folic acid, i.e. folic acid which is present in the parasite's environment, while in combination, the two substances have a syn
contrast agents.
l as cofactor in biological blue-light photo receptors.

 dissolve gallstones.

f peptidylglutamylpeptide hydrolyzing activity.
IC AMP thus potentiates the actions of agents that act through ADENYLATE CYCLASE and cyclic AMP.
nd sometimes misleading.

H secretion. Depending on the tissues, testosterone can be further converted to DIHYDROTESTOSTERONE or ESTRADIOL.
A synthesis and bacterial cell growth. As rifaximin is not well absorbed, its antibacterial activity is largely localized to the gastrointestinal tract.

reen plants, algae, and photosynthetic bacteria. Vitamin K1 has antihemorrhagic and prothrombogenic activity.
 to DOPAMINE. It is used for the treatment of PARKINSONIAN DISORDERS and is usually given with agents that inhibit its conversion to dopamine outside of the central nervous system.


 anticodon of certain transfer RNA molecules.


nd genital tract infections.
low osmolality.
It is used as a cholagogue and choleretic.



ate produces the same adverse reactions as ASPIRIN, but there is less occult gastrointestinal bleeding. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p120)
r the trade name Lyrica. It is considered to have a dependence liability if misused, and is classified as a Schedule V drug in the U.S.
, it is approved in Italy for the treatment of dysthymia (under the brand name Deniban). Amisulpride is a selective dopamine antagonist.


-like receptor (TLR) 7/9.
s shown beneficial effects in the treatment of delusions and hallucinations. These effects are mainly achieved through blockage of dopamine receptors in the mesocortex and limbic system.
 some surgical procedures. It is also used in many manufacturing processes, as a pharmaceutical aid, and in several research applications.
iciency of 70%







echanism of action has not been clearly established, most of its actions appear to be associated with inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. Diflunisal is used to relieve pain accompanied with inflammation a

 is involved in metabolism of carbohydrates and fats, as well as adipose tissue differentiation. This increase in the synthesis of lipoprotein lipase thereby increases the clearance of triglycerides.
ing treatment. Imiquimod does not fight the viruses that cause warts directly, however, it does help to relieve and control wart production. Miquimod is also used to treat a skin condition of the face and scalp called actinic keratoses and
ing the digestion of carbohydrates (such as disaccharides, oligosaccharides, and polysaccharides) into monosaccharides which can be absorbed by the body. Miglitol inhibits glycoside hydrolase enzymes called alpha-glucosidases. Since miglito
gs to the dibenzo-oxepino pyrrole class. It is also for severe post-traumatic stress disorder nightmares in soldiers as an off-label use. FDA approved on August 13, 2009.
source for many cells.

 ""sun fungus"". Tioconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme that converts lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the yeast membrane. In this way, tioconazole inhibits ergosterol synthesis, result
lfine (or amorolfin), is a morpholine antifungal drug that inhibits D14 reductase and D7-D8 isomerase, which depletes ergosterol and causes ignosterol to accumulate in the fungal cytoplasmic cell membranes
nd as a musk in perfumes and aromas.
in thyroid surgery.





cal industries, in surgery, and also as a preservative. The compound is toxic orally as a result of neuromuscular blockade.





to 5-HT 2A/2C receptor subtype. It also displays strong affinity to several dopaminergic receptors, but shows only weak antagonism at the dopamine D2 receptor, a receptor commonly thought to modulate neuroleptic activity. Agranulocytosis is
 responsible for catalyzes the rate-limiting step in prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway.
indac is a prodrug, derived from sulfinylindene, that is converted in vivo to an active sulfide compound by liver enzymes. The sulfide metabolite then undergoes enterohepatic circulation; it is excreted in the bile and then reabsorbed from


 with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.

FLAMMATION of the mouth and throat.





returning to areas where there is a potential for re-introduction of malaria. Adverse effects include anemias and GI disturbances. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopeia, 30th ed, p404)
enadine.
metic.

of active multiplication. Cloxacillin sodium acts through the inhibition of biosynthesis of cell wall mucopeptides.

message"" that is sent along the nerves that connect the eyes to the brain. Tetracaine hydrochloride (Pontocaine) is mainly used topically in ophthalmology and as an antipruritic, and it has been used in spinal anesthesia.

terial protein synthesis and is mainly bacteriostatic. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p106)
t of hyperthyroidism. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopeoia, 30th ed, p534)



eted under the brand name Demadex.


inactivates acrolein and other urotoxic metabolites of ifosfamide and cyclophosphamide, thereby reducing their toxic effects on the urinary tract during urinary excretion.

ll production and aplastic anemia.




and urinary tract spasms.
ters into presynaptic terminals. It also possesses anticholinergic activity and modulates antagonism of histamine H(1)- and H(2)-receptors.


rich adenosine triphosphate (ATP) and the cofactors nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) and flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD), and protein synthesis, as a chemical component of DNA and RNA.




activity by stimulating cytokine production.



s a heterogeneous mixture of alkylbenzyldimethylammonium chlorides of various even-numbered alkyl chain lengths.
 CRYOPRESERVATION. Dimethyl sulfoxide shows a range of pharmacological activity including analgesia and anti-inflammation.

nemia occasionally associated with carbamazepine. Aside from this reduction in side effects, it is thought to have the same mechanism as carbamazepine - sodium channel inhibition - and is generally used to treat partial seizures in epilepti





 excretion of other drugs, has been used as an adjunct to antibacterial therapy.

 by forming a stable complex with the enzyme. It thus suppresses the initiation of RNA synthesis. Rifampin is bactericidal, and acts on both intracellular and extracellular organisms. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacolo


occur or are exacerbated at specific times in the menstrual cycle. However, its usefulness is transient often because of rapid development of tolerance. Its antiepileptic effect may be due to its inhibitory effect on brain carbonic anhydras
d to refer to protein bound lipoic acid, but this can be misleading as this is technically incorrect. Lipoyl-protein or lipoyl-domain are better terms to refer to protein bound lipoic acid.




ed (combined with sulfadiazine) in the treatment of Toxoplasma gondii infections in immune-compromised patients, such as HIV-positive individuals. It interferes with folic acid synthesis by inhibiting the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHF
environment. In Canada, Lindane is not recommmended as a first-line therapy due to reports of resistance, neurotoxicity, and bone marrow suppression, but has been approved by the FDA as a second-line therapy for topical treatment of pedicul



e complex. Once activated, isoniazid inhibits the synthesis of mycoloic acids, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. At therapeutic levels isoniazid is bacteriocidal against actively growing intracellular and extracellular Myco
nd induction of unfolded protein response.
nding to the colchicine-sensitive site of tubulin, thus inhibiting its polymerization or assembly into microtubules. The loss of the cytoplasmic microtubules leads to impaired uptake of glucose by the larval and adult stages of the suscepti

istamine HA-receptor binding. The product label for carbinoxamine as an over the counter cough and cold medicine is being modified to state ?do not use? in children under 4 years of age in order to prevent and reduce misuse, as many unappro

poeia, 30th ed, p1206)
nomenon and to identify pharmaceuticals that may control seizure susceptibility.
tion of aminoacyl transfer-RNA and prevents peptide chain elongation.

ng is replaced by an open-chain structure.


arketed under the trade name Famvir (Novartis).


erides in the intestine. Without this enzyme, triglycerides from the diet are prevented from being hydrolyzed into absorbable free fatty acids and are excreted undigested.







ials, Riluzole was shown to also block tetrodotoxin-resistant sodium channels. It has been reported that Riluzole exerts its neuroprotective action under ischemic conditions, thereby suppressing glutamatergic receptor stimulation and calciu

chizophrenia and bipolar disorder.

rs to antagonize cholinergic and alpha-1 adrenergic responses to bioactive amines.






brain barrier and cause neurologic problems, cerebral edema, coma, and death. Carglumic acid was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 18 March 2010.

er, this medicine does not cure arthritis and will only help you as long as you continue to take it.



port on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985, p133), this substance may reasonably be anticipated to be a carcinogen (Merck, 11th ed).

age.



me. Lamotrigine also acts as a mood stabilizer. It is the first medication since lithium granted Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants, lam




 but moderately soluble in ethanol and isopropanol.

latively mild side-effect profile, and passes through the body unmetabolized.
ECIA, has been used for defleecing sheep. Cyclophosphamide may also cause sterility, birth defects, mutations, and cancer.


th painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1202)
NE has led to its use in CYSTINE DEPLETING AGENTS for the treatment of CYSTINOSIS.


ns. The compound is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA during reverse transcription. It improves immunologic function, partially reverses the HIV-induced neurological dysfunction, and improves c





 multocida, and Haemophilus somnus, for treatment of bovine interdigital phlegmon (foot rot, acute interdigital necrobacillosis, infectious pododermatitis) associated with Fusobacterium necrophorum and Bacteroides melaninogenicus. Florfenic
lar to cilostazol have increased the risk of death in patients with congestive heart failure, studies of significant size have not addressed people without the disease.
r and in alcohol. Carbenicillin is most effective against gram-negative bacteria but may also have some effect against gram-positive bacteria.

and analgesic and has been used in common cold preparations for that purpose. It was used commonly and as a bitter and flavoring agent, and is still useful for the treatment of babesiosis. Quinine is also useful in some muscular disorders,
hare the core azobenzene structure, with different chemical functional groups extending from the phenyl rings.



















n with embolization. It is also used as an adjunct in the prophylaxis of systemic embolism after myocardial infarction. Warfarin is also used as a rodenticide.











ypes with a potency consistent with the high affinities at the mAChR subtypes
and cerebral arteriosclerosis.
, for relief of anxiety and tension, and as a sedative.





ing on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of isoprenoids.



Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p907)


riaxone in terms of safety and efficacy. Cefotaxime sodium is marketed under various trade names including Claforan (Sanofi-Aventis).



o ?-tubulin. Nocodazole also prevents the formation of one of the two interchain disulfide linkages and impairs the transport of vesicles.
septic, fungistat, or deodorant.
mpounds, their three-dimensional structure is similar.




des, the orexins, whose neurons are activated by modafinil. The prexin neuron activation is associated with psychoactivation and euphoria. The exact mechanism of action is unclear, although in vitro studies have shown it to inhibit the reup
 its inhibitory effects on metabolic enzymes.




s or phenols. Ampyrone stimulates liver microsomes and is also used to measure extracellular water.
 within, or around lesions in rats, or in abnormal clusters in mice.



fically, butyrate treatment of cells results in histone hyperacetylation, and butyrate itself inhibits HDAC activity. Butyrate has been an essential vehicle for determining the role of histone acetylation in chromatin structure and function


ed for several other applications.


m Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p125)
niments.


e is its longer half-life (17.5 hours) compared with Viagra and Levitra (4-5 hours). This longer half-life results in a longer duration of action and is, in part, responsible for the Cialis nickname of the ""weekend pill."" This longer half

ydrocannabinol (THC).





od although it has been suggested to affect catecholamine release or calcium metabolism. ( )





due to the presence of beta-lactamases, may be susceptible to cefixime. The antibacterial effect of cefixime results from inhibition of mucopeptide synthesis in the bacterial cell wall.
79) Inositol phospholipids are important in signal transduction.
treatment of liver disorders, for hyperkalemia, for homocystinuria, and for gastrointestinal disturbances.



LLANTOIN.
less powerful stimulant of smooth muscle. It has practically no stimulant effect on the central nervous system. It was formerly used as a diuretic and in the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension.
hylhexanol. It is a colorless oily liquid with a slight floral odor.
The salicylate portion of the molecule absorbs ultraviolet light, protecting skin from the harmful effects of exposure to sunlight. The ethylhexanol portion is a fatty al






tion of enzyme systems bound to the membrane.




rld-wide.




ion of folate deficiencies and megaloblastic anemia.

tissues and cells are as FLAVIN MONONUCLEOTIDE and FLAVIN-ADENINE DINUCLEOTIDE.
loped viruses including herpes simplex virus (HSV). Docosanol inhibits fusion between the plasma membrane and the herpes simplex virus (HSV) envelope, thereby preventing viral entry into cells and subsequent viral replication.








rm of menthol occurring in nature is (-)-menthol, which is assigned the (1R,2S,5R) configuration. Menthol has local anesthetic and counterirritant qualities, and it is widely used to relieve minor throat irritation. .
 camphor as the active ingredient.
iction. Oxeladin has none of the side effects (such as hypnosis, respiratory depression, tolerance, constipation and analgesia) which are present when common antitussives, such as codeine and its derivatives, are used. It may be used at eve

eliciting systemic effects. N-9 has been in use for more than 30 years as an over-the-counter (OTC) drug in creams, gels, foams and condom lubricants. It is the most commonly used spermicidal contraceptive in the UK and the USA. In several

E CYCLASE, and has been used to treat cyanide poisoning and to lower levels of METHEMOGLOBIN.
 than the brain, resulting in pronounced respiratory depression at clinical doses and therefore a very low therapeutic index. It is especially dangerous and potentially fatal in combination with alcohol and other depressants.

ng products.

s is not well understood. It is thought to involve dimethyl fumarate degradation to its active metabolite monomethyl fumarate (MMF) then MMF up-regulates the Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) pathway that is activated in re



 of endotracheal intubation and positive-pressure lung expansion. It is now considered to be of no value for such purposes, and may be dangerous

rganic compound can penetrate into the skin where it acts as a photosensitizer. This results in an increased production of free radicals under illumination.




ntagonism with para-aminobenzoic acid and inhibition of dihydropteroate synthetase activity, that in turn leads to impaired synthesis of dihydrofolic acid and as a result its active metabolite that is necessary for the synthesis of purine a


drawn on October 24, 1967.
ylcysteine or N-acetyl-L-cysteine or NAC) is primarily used as a mucolytic agent and in the management of acetaminophen poisoning. It is a derivative of cysteine with an acetyl group attached to the amino group of cysteine. NAC is essential


IS.

 the ingredient's toxicity and potential for irritation.
isms. It has been shown to be effective in preventing dental plaque and reducing gingivitis. It has also been used as an ingredient in certain pesticides. Cetylpyridinium chloride may cause brown stains between the teeth and on the surface


was quite popular in the USA since the late nineteenth century, it was banned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the 1990s due to lack of proof of efficacy.


ons. Recovery from propofol-induced anaesthesia is generally rapid and associated with less frequent side effects than with thiopental, methohexital, and etomidate. Propofol may be used prior to diagnostic procedures requiring anaesthesia,


t disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake.








alicylic acid, the active in vivo product of salsalate, in the treatment of arthritic disorders has been established. In contrast to aspirin, salsalate causes no greater fecal gastrointestinal blood loss than placebo. Salsalate is readily s
 absorbs UV-A ultraviolet rays.




p234)
infection. Benzyl benzoate is lethal to this mite and so is useful in the treatment of scabies. It is also used to treat lice infestation of the head and body. Benzyl benzoate is not the treatment of choice for scabies due to its irritant p





hritis. It is an active metabolite of fenbufen.

 susceptible organisms. It is also used with PYRIMETHAMINE in the treatment of malaria.


 5'-GA-3' sequence, and to monoalkylation. Induces normal human fibroblast senescence selectively through Erk and p38 pathways
iazine and pyrimethamine, can be used to treat toxoplasmosis, a disease caused by Toxoplasma gondii.

ygen. When oxygen binds to it, the complex turns yellowish brown and absorbs light maximally at about 470 nm.
xis and long-term suppression.
atory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties


ts on ion channels, active transport, and general membrane stabilization. The mechanism of its muscle relaxant effect appears to involve a reduction in the sensitivity of muscle spindles to stretch. Phenytoin has been proposed for several o




mediated glucose uptake. Metformin is the only oral antihyperglycemic agent that is not associated with weight gain. Metformin may induce weight loss and is the drug of choice for obese NIDDM patients. When used alone, metformin does not ca








08)
 lends long term stability to multi-ingredient formulations.

nt muscle relaxation, supplemental neuromuscular blocking agents may be required. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p178)

s of its therapeutic effects are not clear. It is used in treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn.
ysis by nonspecific CHOLINESTERASES so that its actions are more prolonged. It is used as a parasympathomimetic bronchoconstrictor agent and as a diagnostic aid for bronchial asthma. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1116









obenzone in animals increases the excretion of melanin from the melanocytes. The same action is thought to be responsible for the depigmenting effect of the drug in humans. Monobenzone may cause destruction of melanocytes and permanent depi

















It has also been used as an experimental convulsant because of its actions on GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID mediated synaptic transmission.




s




portant energy source for many cells.
 a negative inotrope. Phenacetin is an antipyretic, acting on the brain to decrease the temperature set point. Phenacetin is also used to treat rheumatoid arthritis (subacute type) and intercostal neuralgia.
YRIC ACID. A rare genetic disorder, hyper-beta-alaninemia, has been reported.
y less than that of injected gold salts, but it is better tolerated, and side effects which occur are potentially less serious.
es of phenol, but more reactive. Both isomers are soluble in simple alcohols, ethers, and chloroform. 2-Naphthol is a widely used intermediate for the production of dyes and other compounds.



cals, cosmetics, ceramics, etc.

Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC.





or other manifestations of inadequate renal function and has been used for determination of glomerular filtration rate. Mannitol is also commonly used as a research tool in cell biological studies, usually to control osmolarity.

c and mutagenic and will react in vivo with secondary or tertiary amines thereby producing highly carcinogenic nitrosamines.

ive iodine or after accidental exposure to radioactive iodine.








alts of pantothenic acid (for example sodium pantothenate) are powders (typically white).
rious neurotransmitter-operated ion channels, thereby enhancing gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A receptor mediated chloride currents and inhibiting amino acid receptor-activated ion currents. In addition, chloral hydrate enhances the agonis
 blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Theophylline is marketed under several brand names such as Uniphyl and Theochron, and it is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD.
osamine is a precursor for glycosaminoglycans, and glycosaminoglycans are a major component of joint cartilage, supplemental glucosamine may help to rebuild cartilage and treat arthritis.
een known as a powerful emetic, and was used in the treatment of schistosomiasis and leishmaniasis.





dition as topical anti-infective agents and oral antiamebics.
o establish the association between the use of aspirin and a reduced risk of cancers including prostate cancer, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, endometrial cancer, and ovarian cancer. Aspirin suppresses ovarian cancer cells harboring COX-
against a number of skin conditions, such as mild to moderate acne, when applied topically in a cream formulation of 20%. It works in part by stopping the growth of skin bacteria that cause acne, and by keeping skin pores clear. Azelaic aci




 for uric acid. When taken into the body the drug is partly oxidized and partly eliminated unchanged. Outside the body, piperazine has a remarkable power to dissolve uric acid and producing a soluble urate, but in clinical experience it has


d in perfumery and flavoring.

rm a precipitate with lead acetate solution, as does the isomeric pyrocatechol.

s used in combination with both aspirin and caffeine in the over-the-counter pain remedies















 Stem cell factor. A growing number of drugs target most of these pathways. The originality of Sorafenib lays in its simultaneous targeting of the Raf/Mek/Erk pathway.

 (diminishes its release) and increased release of insulin.

Stem cell factor. A growing number of drugs target most of these pathways. The originality of Sorafenib lays in its simultaneous targeting of the Raf/Mek/Erk pathway.








hosphorylation domain to prevent receptor autophosphorylation upon ligand binding.


DNA/RNA substrate.
nt effects.









ng to recombinant human glucocorticoid, progesterone and androgen receptors.











 as tablets and in various aqueous solutions for intravenous therapy.



required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize ?- or ?-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H








iogenesis.
with leukemic cells isolated from acute lymphocytic leukemia patients, daunorubicin significantly inhibits the biosynthesis of the DNA and RNA macromolecules













rs, it is used only in combination with other HIV medications. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved atazanavir on June 20, 2003.



re profound the neuromuscular block at the time of reversal, the longer the time required for recovery of neuromuscular function. Compared to other neuromuscular blocking agents, it is intermediate in its onset and duration of action.
oodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p1301)
at resemble those of CLOZAPINE. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p283)
and other malignant lymphomas including:- lymphosarcoma- reticulosarcoma- Brill-Symmers disease. Because procarbazine hydrochloride (Matulane) works differently to other anticancer agents,Procarbazine hydrochloride (Matulane) may be useful






crotubules. Paclitaxel has exhibited antitumor activity against a broad spectrum of human cancers, including ovarian, breast, head and neck, and lung cancer, in a large number of studies.


e enzyme guanylate cyclase resulting in increased synthesis of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) in the smooth muscle cells of the corpus cavernosum. The cGMP in turn triggers smooth muscle relaxation, allowing increased blood flow into



effects and with good patient satisfaction.































n addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical ?-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neu













iptions of the drug and increased risks of heart attack or stroke.


ious side effects include allergic reactions, irregular heartbeats, and low or high blood pressure, while less serious side effects include headaches, insomnia, and impotence. Acamprosate should not be taken by people with kidney problems o




























 to castrate-range levels.


ction of dyspepsia symptoms.











tal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production.















utations. This may result in the inhibition of tumor growth and angiogenesis in tumor cells overexpressing these RTKs. Additionally, afatinib inhibits the EGFR T790M gatekeeper mutation which is resistant to treatment with first-generation







ase hippocampal synaptophysin level in mice, plus demonstrates estrogen-like activity.










y weak agonist for the A1 adenosine receptor and has negligible affinity for the A2B and A3 adenosine receptors.






rowth.
gen and cytokine (IL-2, IL-4, and IL-15) stimulation and the inhibition of antibody production. (NCI05)
ontrol seizures for as long as you continue to use it.





VEGFR-3), mast/stem cell growth factor (KIT), FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT-3), TIE-2 (TEK tyrosine kinase, endothelial), tropomyosin-related kinase B (TRKB) and AXL. This may result in an inhibition of both tumor growth and angiogenesis,
















ll receptor signaling, plays a key role in B-cell maturation, and is overexpressed in a number of B-cell malignancies. The expression of BTK in tumor cells is also associated with increased proliferation and survival.

of all adult AML patients have a mutation of the FLT3 gene. The use of MLN518 to treat AML has been granted fast-track status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Phase I/II trials are underway.
cated for local anaesthesia including infiltration, nerve block, ophthalmic, epidural and intrathecal anaesthesia in adults; and infiltration analgesia in children. Adverse drug reactions (ADRs) are rare when it is administered correctly. M




 addition, it inhibits the tyrosine kinase receptor TIE2 and FMS-related tyrosine kinase receptor-3 (Flt3). RTK inhibition by ponatinib may result in the inhibition of cellular proliferation and angiogenesis and may induce cell death. Bcr-A






MEK/ERK signaling pathway that regulates cell growth.















fective at increasing thiamin levels in blood and tissues than water-soluble salts like the previous vitamin B1.



 this agent may reduce the blood flow and pressure in cerebral arteries and may relieve the pain of vascular headaches.
to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. While the drug is still not approved for use in the US, it was approved in Feb 2008 by European Medicines Agency for use within the EU and is listed on the Australian PBS with certain res



odel. Additionally, Doxazosin decreased thickness of footpad in the delayed-type hypersensitivity mice model. Doxazosin had been reported to slightly reduce MCP-1 level in the peritoneal cavity of mice induced by thioglycollate.







etin, motilin, pancreatic polypeptide, and thyroid stimulating hormone.






rs, it is used only in combination with other HIV medications. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved atazanavir on June 20, 2003.

hosphorylation domain to prevent receptor autophosphorylation upon ligand binding.


































cause GluCl channels do not exist in mammals.


ial fibrillation, in whom anticoagulation therapy is indicated. In contrast to warfarin, because its anticoagulant effects are predictable, lab monitoring is not necessary.?FDA?approved on October 19, 2010.



 useful for the treatment of acute asthma attacks. Again because of its very specific locus of operation, it does not interact with other allergy medications such as theophylline. Montelukast is marketed in United States and many other coun














ive serotonin reuptake inhibitors or serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors. Treatment should be titrated towards the target dose, which is 40mg per day.















ajor depressive disorder. Maprotiline is effective at reducing symptoms of anxiety associated with depression.























ycle regulatory pathways; arrest at the G1-S (Gap 1/DNA synthesis)-phase transition of the cell division cycle; and ultimately decreased cellular proliferation. Neratinib also inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) kinase and


odulation of growth factor signaling are received more and more attention and gradually become an especial important target.





activity. JAK2V617F is a mutant of tyrosine kinase JAK2, is found in most patients with polycythemia vera (PV) and a substantial proportion of patients with idiopathic myelofibrosis or essential thrombocythemia. The study suggests that erlo

od glucose. Despite of its beneficial effects of targeting insulin resistance, recent studies has shown that rosiglitazone is associated with several moderate to severe adverse effects, including hemodilution, anemia, weight gain, and edema






















 decreased tau phosphorylation caused by memantine







































































ystem in animal testicles. Recent research shows that Rb1 affects rat embryo development and has teratogenic effects, causing birth defects. Another study shows that Rb1 may increase testosterone production in male rats indirectly through t


























 Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p666)




dder neck and prostate.

ome investigations of effectiveness in cases of acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) and juvenile myelomonocytic leukaemia (JMML) have been carried out.




 by Vanda Pharmaceuticals. FDA approved on May 9, 2009.



pathy.







 panel recommended the medicine not be approved because it may increase suicidal thinking and depression.






effect on the histamine H1 receptor.




tudies that drospirenone exhibits antiandrogenic activity judging from accessory sex gland growth in castrated, androgen-treated, juvenile rats.









 do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Losartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment o














ited States and Esmeron in most other countries.




 important role in nervous system development. ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a variety of tumor cell types.




















nicotinic acetylcholine agonist with a half-life of 4.8 hours. Recent Phase III clinical trials using Tabex (a brand of Cytisine marketed by Sopharma AD) have shown similar efficacy to varenicline, but at a fraction of the cost.

 partial thromboplastin time must be obtained prior to administering argatroban.














e called Dymista(TM). Dymista(TM) is indicated in patients over 12 years old for symptomatic relief of seasonal allergic rhinitis.















ter clinical use.






ranscortin (also called CBG, corticosteroid- binding protein), whereas all of them bind albumin. Glucocorticoids also bind to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor.

gical or chemical castration. To date, antiandrogen monotherapy has not consistently been shown to be equivalent to castration.


 (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Candesartan may be used to treat hypertension, iso













entially confer beneficial metabolic effects.





















e eye decreases aqueous humor secretion, presumably by slowing the formation of bicarbonate ions with subsequent reduction in sodium and fluid transport. The result is a reduction in intraocular pressure. Brinzolamide is indicated in the tr




several serious adverse drug reactions such as severe neutropenia, various forms of hemorrhage, and cardiovascular edema.






t activation and aggregation occurs. Prasugrel was developed by Daiichi Sankyo Co. and is currently marketed in the United States and Canada in cooperation with Eli Lilly and Company for acute coronary syndromes planned for percutaneous cor

ll lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, bladder cancer and breast cancer. It is being investigated for use in oesophageal cancer, and is used experimentally in lymphomas and various other tumor types.




thrombotic thrombocytopenia purpura, and agranulocytosis, so it is necessary to monitor patients? WBC and platelets when they are taking ticlopidine.











ted morbidity and mortality although the mechanism is not fully understood. Thiazides cause vasodilation by activating calcium-activated potassium channels (large conductance) in vascular smooth muscles and inhibiting various carbonic anhyd
l syndrome.





















ts.


 antipsychotics, aripiprazole displays an antagonist profile at the 5-HT2A receptor. Aripiprazole has moderate affinity for histamine and alpha adrenergic receptors, and no appreciable affinity for cholinergic muscarinic receptors.






threshold to be reached so a new impulse can be triggered in the next neuron. In myasthenia gravis there are too few acetylcholine receptors so with the acetylcholinesterase blocked, acetylcholine can bind to the few receptors and trigger a













 catalyzes the formation of leukotrienes from arachidonic acid. Specifically, it inhibits leukotriene LTB4, LTC4, LTD4, and LTE4 formation. Both the R(+) and S(-) enantiomers are pharmacologically active as 5-lipoxygenase inhibitors in in v













ration. It also exhibits inhibitory activity against the effects of free radicals produced by cigarette smoke. Clinical studies in patients with chronic obstructive lung disease have demonstrated the efficacy and tolerability of erdosteine.

marketed for human usage, after being withdrawn on commercial grounds.














d with any skipped meal. Approximately one month of therapy is required before a decrease in fasting blood glucose is seen. Meglitnides may have a neutral effect on weight or cause a slight increase in weight. The average weight gain caused
l cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production.





cytosis, disruption of the blood-aqueous humor barrier, an increase in vascular permeability and an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP).









r corticosteroids. In contrast, the antiestrogenic action of tamoxifen, the major medical therapy prior to the arrival of aromatase inhibitors, is due to its interfering with the estrogen receptor, rather than inhibiting estrogen production




orme, resulting in a median overall survival of 5.7 months (compared to 4 - 4.4 months in earlier studies). Further brain tumor trials are planned in which vorinostat will be combined with other drugs.












ately one month of therapy is required before a decrease in fasting blood glucose is seen. Meglitnides may have a neutral effect on weight or cause a slight increase in weight. The average weight gain caused by meglitinides appears to be lo







ncy for use in athletes. Formestane has poor oral bioavailability, and thus must be administered forthnightly (bi-weekly) by intramuscular injection. Some clinical data has suggested that the clinically recommended dose of 250mg was too low
















is, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis. The only completed clinical trial thus far is a phase III clinical trial comparing tauroursodeoxycholic acid and ursofalk in PBC adult patients, but as of June 2013 no results of this trial have been p

















in both 400 mg and 800 mg tablets. The 400 mg tablet has been discontinued. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects such as dizziness, headache, and irritability.






pressure, as well as depression of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system.

















decreased total peripheral resistance. This agent may also modulate multi-drug response (MDR) activity through inhibition of the p-glycoprotein efflux pump.
















































 useful for the treatment of acute asthma attacks. Again because of its very specific locus of operation, it does not interact with other allergy medications such as theophylline. Montelukast is marketed in United States and many other coun
























9th ed, p705)


























a centrally acting yet nonopioid analgesic. The combination of anticholinergic effects and CNS penetration make orphenadrine useful for pain of all etiologies, including from: radiculopathy, muscles, and headaches





ects limit its clinical use.




ning phentermine and topiramate extended-release called QSYMIA? is indicated for the management of obesity. On August 2013, an extended released formulation, marketed as Trokendi XR has been approved for the management of partial onset, ton















a rank order of affinity for SV2A which correlated with the potency of their antiseizure activity in audiogenic seizure-prone mice.




















preventing complications.


nyl ring lead to stilbenoids. Rofecoxib has a half-life of 17 hours and its mean oral bioavailability at therapeutically recommended doses of 125, 25, and 50 mg is approximately 93%. The proteins that rofecoxib target include elastin and pr



le down-regulates the expression of CDK2 and cyclin D1 [3]. Apart from anti-malarial, chloroquine diphosphate also has long been reported functioning in cell apoptosis. Pretreated CNE-2 human nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells with chloroquine


e of calcium from intracellular stores resulting in a calcium-induced calcium-influx of extracellular calcium. Consequently, thimerosal may induce or inhibit cellular functions dependent on calcium signaling.

ory neurotransmitter GABA while enhancing the uptake of the excitatory neurotransmitter glutamate.





















itates generation and maintenance of an erection. The vasodilatory effects of sildenafil also help reduce symptoms of PAH.
















production, plasma concentrations of aldosterone are also reduced, resulting in increased excretion of sodium in the urine and increased concentrations of potassium in the blood.





















atment of acute manic episodes. Moreover, Lithium Citrate has been revealed to dissolve uric acid crystals in urine obtained from patients with gout. Besides, Lithium Citrate has been exhibited to have some dose-dependent side-effects. The


.







ctive ligand of PPAR?, and has no PPAR?-binding action. Apart from its effect on insulin resistance, it appears to have an anti-inflammatory effect: nuclear factor kappa-B (NF?B) levels fall and inhibitor (I?B) levels increase in patients o







ergistic effect which outbalances that ability.









































nd in the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. .


certain types of skin cancer called superficial basal cell carcinoma.
l works by preventing digestion of carbohydrates, it lowers the degree of postprandial hyperglycemia. It must be taken at the start of main meals to have maximal effect. Its effect will depend on the amount of non-monosaccharide carbohydrat



ing in increased cellular permeability.














 a major adverse effect associated with administration of this agent.

the intestine. This is thought to help maintain constant blood levels with reduced gastrointestinal side effects. Some studies have shown sulindac to be relatively less irritating to the stomach than other NSAIA?s except for drugs of the cy

















































c children and adults.







gical Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p1160)


e, which leads to an increased transneuronal chloride gradient, increased chloride current, and increased inhibition.





R). Folic acid is needed for DNA and RNA synthesis in many species, including protozoa.
osis capitis (head lice), pediculosis pubis (pubic lice), or scabies in patients greater than two years of age who cannot tolerate or have failed first-line treatment. Lindane is still allowed for pharmaceutical use until 2015.



bacterium tuberculosis organisms.

ble parasites, and depletes their glycogen stores.

ved carbinoxamine-containing preparations contained inappropriate labeling, which promoted unapproved uses (including management of congestion, cough, the common cold, and the use in children under 2 years of age), which can potentially cau



















m influx. Research shows that this product activates the TREK family of potassium channels and directly affects the glutamatergic system. Riluzole inhibits glutamate release from presynaptic terminals and increases Na+-dependent glutamate u






















otrigine has relatively few side-effects and does not require blood monitoring. The exact way lamotrigine works is unknown.














ertain other clinical abnormalities associated with AIDS. Its principal toxic effect is dose-dependent suppression of bone marrow, resulting in anemia and leukopenia.





ol is also used in aquaculture, and is licensed for use in the United States for the control of enteric septicemia in catfish.



especially nocturnal leg cramps and myotonia congenita, because of its direct effects on muscle membrane and sodium channels. The mechanisms of its antimalarial effects are not well understood.


























































take of dopamine by binding to the dopamine reuptake pump, and lead to an increase in extracellular dopamine. Modafinil activates glutamatergic circuits while inhibiting GABA.










. Inhibition of HDAC activity is estimated to affect the expression of only 2% of mammalian genes









-life also is the basis of current investigation for tadalafil's use in pulmonary arterial hypertension as a once-daily therapy.





















cohol, adding emollient and oil-like (water resistant) properties.






























ry age, as well as in patients with heart disease, since it has a high level of safety and a great selectivity to act on the bulbar centre of cough.

European countries, spermicides are no longer on the market.






sponse to oxidative stress. Dimethyl fumarate is marketed under the brand name Tecfidera.










nd pyrimidine.



ly a prodrug that is converted to cysteine (in the intestine by the enzyme aminoacylase 1) and absorbed in the intestine into the blood stream. Cysteine is a key constituent to glutathione and hence administration of acetylcysteine replenis





of teeth.





in the management of refractory status epilepticus, and for induction and/or maintenance of anaesthesia prior to and during surgeries.











oluble in the small intestine where it is partially hydrolyzed to two molecules of salicylic acid. A significant portion of the parent compound is absorbed unchanged and undergoes rapid esterase hydrolysis in the body. The parent compound h






roperties.


















ther therapeutic uses, but its use has been limited by its many adverse effects and interactions with other drugs.




use hypoglycemia; however, it may potentiate the hypoglycemic effects of sulfonylureas and insulin. Its main side effects are dyspepsia, nausea and diarrhea. Dose titration and/or use of smaller divided doses may decrease side effects. Metf














)









gmentation.

























































tic effects of glycine receptors, inhibits AMPA-induced calcium influx in cortical neurons, and facilitates 5-HT 3 receptor-mediated currents in ganglionic neurons. Overall, this results in a depressive effect on the central nervous system.









1 by acting as histone deacetylase inhibitors to up-regulate cell cycle arrest protein p21. Aspirin also inhibits the expression of COX-2 in human umbilical vein endothelial cells and neonatal rat ventricular cardiomyocytes resulting in red
d's antimicrobial action may be attributable to inhibition of microbial cellular protein synthesis.




 not proved equally successful. Piperazine was first introduced as an anthelmintic in 1953. A large number of piperazine compounds have anthelmintic action. Their mode of action is generally by paralysing parasites, which allows the host bo

































































1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors






























in the treatment of cancers that have not responded to other treatments.









 the penis, resulting in erection. The tissue concentration of cGMP is regulated by both the rates of synthesis and degradation via phosphodiesterases (PDEs). The most abundant PDE in the human corpus cavernosum is the cGMPspecific phosphod



































rotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, ?1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary rete
















r allergies to the drug.



























































EGFR inhibitors. EGFR, HER2 and HER4 are RTKs that belong to the EGFR superfamily; they play major roles in both tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization and are overexpressed in many cancer cell types.

































 and eventually lead to tumor regression.



















ost ADRs relate to administration technique (resulting in systemic exposure) or pharmacological effects of anesthesia, however allergic reactions can rarely occur.




bl is a fusion tyrosine kinase encoded by the Philadelphia chromosome.



























trictions.






























































tries by Merck & Co. with the brand name Singulair?. It is available as oral tablets, chewable tablets, and oral granules. In India and other countries, it is also marketed under the brand name Montair?, produced by Indian company Cipla.






















































the proliferation of EGFR-dependent cells.








tinib may be used for treatment of JAK2V617F-positive PV and other myeloproliferative disorders.

 as well as increased risk for heart failure and myocardial ischemic events.






























































































he stimulation of the luteinizing hormone. Traditional Chinese medicine asserts that Panax quinquefolius promotes yin in the body. It also inhibits chemoinvasion and angiogenesis.








































































f systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction, coronary artery disease, and heart failure.





















































































lated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease.



































eatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.











onary intervention (PCI). FDA approved in 2009.


















rases in vascular tissue.
































 muscular contraction.













itro systems. The immediate release tablet of Zileuton has been withdrawn from the US market.













 Erdosteine 300mg twice daily reduced cough (both frequency and severity) and sputum viscosity more quickly and more effectively than placebo and reduced the adhesivity of sputum more effectively than ambroxol 30mg twice daily. Co-administr
















 by meglitinides appears to be lower than that caused by sulfonylureas and insulin and appears to occur only in those na?ve to oral antidiabetic agents. Due to their mechanism of action, meglitinides may cause hypoglycemia although the risk
















. Letrozole is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of local or metastatic breast cancer that is hormone receptor positive or has an unknown receptor status in postmenopausal women. Side effects

















wer than that caused by sulfonylureas and insulin and appears to occur only in those na?ve to oral antidiabetic agents. Due to their mechanism of action, meglitinides may cause hypoglycemia although the risk is thought to be lower than that







. With the discovery of newer, non-steroidal and steroidal, aromatase inhibitors which were orally active and less expensive than formestane, formestane lost popularity. Currently, formestane (categorized as an anti-estrogenic agent) is pro
















ublished.



























































































tries by Merck & Co. with the brand name Singulair?. It is available as oral tablets, chewable tablets, and oral granules. In India and other countries, it is also marketed under the brand name Montair?, produced by Indian company Cipla.






























































ic-clonic, and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome seizures.







































ostaglandin G/H synthase 2. Cytochrome P450 1A2, Cytochrome P450 3A4, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2C8, and Prostaglandin G/H synthase 1 are known to metabolize rofecoxib. On September 30, 2004, Merck voluntarily withdrew rofecoxib



diphosphate enhanced ionizing radiation induced cell apoptosis via increasing cells autophagic ratio [4]. When treated with mouse breast cancer 4T1 cells, chloroquine diphosphate treatment inhibited cellular proliferation and viability whic

































































most of the side-effects of Lithium Citrate is the tendency to inhibit the prostatic acid phosphatase enzyme (PAP), which leading to the accumulation of PAP










n rosiglitazone. Recent research has suggested that rosiglitazone may also be of benefit to a subset of patients with Alzheimer's disease not expressing the ApoE4 allele. This is the subject of a clinical trial currently underway.





















































es in a person's diet. In contrast to acarbose (another alpha-glucosidase inhibitor), miglitol is systemically absorbed; however, it is not metabolized and is excreted by the kidneys.




















clooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor class. The exact mechanism of its NSAIA properties is unknown, but it is thought to act on enzymes COX-1 and COX-2, inhibiting prostaglandin synthesis.











































































se serious health risks.



















ptake in rat cortical synaptosomes. Riluzole blocks voltage-dependent Na+ channels and inhibits GABA uptake by striatal synaptosomes.












































































































































































































hes glutathione stores. Acetylcysteine can also be used as a general antioxidant which can help mitigate symptoms for a variety of diseases exacerbated by reactive oxygen species (ROS). For instance, acetylcysteine is commonly used in indiv























as an elimination half-life of about 1 hour. Salicylic acid (the active metabolite) biotransformation is saturated at anti-inflammatory doses of salsalate. Such capacity limited biotransformation results in an increase in the half-life of s






























ormin should be avoided in those with severely compromised renal function (creatinine clearance < 30 ml/min), acute/decompensated heart failure, severe liver disease and for 48 hours after the use of iodinated contrast dyes due to the risk




























































































uced PG production and the down-regulation of ERK and NF-KB respectively.





dy to easily remove or expel the invading organism.

































































. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, dr








































iesterase type 5 (PDE5); therefore, the inhibition of PDE5 enhances erectile function by increasing the amount of cGMP.



































ntion), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression.


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































ation of erdosteine and amoxicillin in patients with acute infective exacerbation of chronic bronchitis resulted in higher concentrations of the antibiotic in the sputum, leading to earlier and more pronounced amelioration of clinical sympt
















 is thought to be lower than that of sulfonylureas since their action is dependent on the presence of glucose. In addition to reducing postprandial and fasting blood glucose, meglitnides have been shown to decrease glycosylated hemoglobin (
















 include signs and symptoms of hypoestrogenism. There is concern that long term use may lead to osteoporosis, which is why prescriptions of Letrozole are often accompanied by prescriptions of osteoporosis-fighting medication such as Fosamax

















 of sulfonylureas since their action is dependent on the presence of glucose. In addition to reducing postprandial and fasting blood glucose, meglitnides have been shown to decrease glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, which are reflecti







hibited from use in sports in accordance to the regulations of the World Anti-Doping Agency. It is not US FDA approved, and the intramuscular injection form of formestane (Lentaron) which was approved in Europe has been withdrawn.



















































































































































































































from the market because of concerns about increased risk of heart attack and stroke associated with long-term, high-dosage use.



h resulted in cells apoptosis in a time- and dose- dependent manner [2]. In human colon cancer DLD-1 cells, combination of 5-FU and chloroquine diphosphate could inhibit cells proliferation via inducing autophagy




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































iduals with renal impairment to prevent the precipitation of acute renal failure. Acetylcysteine has been shown to have efficacy in treating mild to moderate traumatic brain injury including ischemic brain injury, particularly in reducing n























alicylic acid from 3.5 to 16 or more hours.






























of lactic acidosis. Lower doses should be used in the elderly and those with decreased renal function. Metformin decreases fasting plasma glucose, postprandial blood glucose and glycosolated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, which are reflective o




































































































































































owsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Citalopram is approved for treatment















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































oms compared with placebo. Erdosteine is associated with a low incidence of adverse events, most of which are gastrointestinal and generally mild.
















HbA1c) levels, which are reflective of the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control. Meglitinides appear to be more effective at lowering postprandial blood glucose than metformin, sulfonylureas and thiazolidinediones. Nateglinide is extensively
















. Letrozole has shown to reduce estrogen levels by 98 percent while raising testosterone levels. The anti-estrogen action of letrozole is preferred by athletes and bodybuilders for use during a steroid cycle to reduce bloating due to excess

















ve of the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control. Meglitinides appear to be more effective at lowering postprandial blood glucose than metformin, sulfonylureas and thiazolidinediones. Repaglinide is extensively metabolized in the liver and excr




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































euronal losses, and also reducing cognitive and neurological symptoms when administered promptly after injury. N-acetylcysteine is now widely used in the treatment of HIV, and it has reported efficacy in chronic obstructive pulmonary diseas






















































f the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control. Metformin may also have a positive effect on lipid levels. In 2012, a combination tablet of linagliptin plus metformin hydrochloride was marketed under the name Jentadueto for use in patients when t




































































































































































of depression. Unlabeled indications include mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy. Citalopram has the fewest
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































metabolized in the liver and excreted in urine (83%) and feces (10%). The major metabolites possess less activity than the parent compound. One minor metabolite, the isoprene, has the same potency as its parent compound.
















 water retention and prevent the formation of gynecomastia related breast tissue that is a side effect of some anabolic steroids. Usage above 2.5 mg/day is known to potentially temporarily kill sex drive. Above 5mg/day for extended periods

















eted in bile. Repaglinide metabolites do not possess appreciable hypoglycemic activity. Approximately 90% of a single orally administered dose is eliminated in feces and 8% in urine.




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































e and contrast-induced nephropathy. Acetylcysteine is also being successfully used to treat a variety of neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders including cocaine, cannabis, and smoking addictions, Alzheimer?s and Parkinson?s disea






















































reatment with both linagliptin and metformin is appropriate.




































































































































































drug-drug interactions of the SSRIs.

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































may cause kidney problems. Letrozole has also been shown to delay the fusing of the growth plates in adolescents. This may boost the effectiveness of growth hormone, and thus Letrozole is used to treat adolescents and children with short st






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































ses, autism, compulsive and grooming disorders, schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder. Recent data also shows that N-acetylcysteine inhibits muscle fatigue and can be used to enhance performance in endurance events and in exercise













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































ature.






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 and endurance training.











































































































































































